vmss list
List VMSS.
storage queue metadata update
Sets user-defined metadata on the specified queue. Metadata is associated with the queue as name-value pairs.
network vnet check-ip-address
Check if a private IP address is available for use within a virtual network.
Check whether 10.0.0.4 is available within MyVnet.
network lb address-pool delete
Delete an address pool.
Delete an address pool.
batch job create
Add a job to a Batch account.
iot device message complete
Complete a cloud-to-device message.
network dns record-set ptr create
Create an empty PTR record set.
Create an empty PTR record set.
iot dps update
Update an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Update Allocation Policy to 'GeoLatency' of an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service 'MyDps'
cosmosdb collection update
Updates an Azure Cosmos DB collection 
acr replication delete
Delete a replication from a container registry.
Delete a replication from a container registry.
network express-route peering
Manage ExpressRoute peering of an ExpressRoute circuit.
network nsg rule delete
Delete a network security group rule.
Delete a network security group rule.
servicebus topic authorization-rule create
Create Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
Create Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
acr show-usage
Get the quota usages for a container registry.
Get the quota usages for a container registry.
network public-ip show
Get the details of a public IP address.
Get information about a public IP resource.
monitor autoscale profile list-timezones
Look up time zone information.
lab artifact
Manage DevTest Labs artifacts.
storage blob show
Get the details of a blob.
Show all properties of a blob.
policy event list
List policy events.
Get policy events at current subscription scope created in the last day.
Get policy events at resource group scope in current subscription.
Get policy events for a resource using resource name.
Get policy events for a policy set definition in current subscription.
Get policy events for a policy assignment in current subscription.
Get top 5 policy events in current subscription, selecting a subset of properties and customizing ordering.
Get policy events in current subscription filtering results based on some property values.
Get policy events in current subscription aggregating results based on some properties.
Get policy events in current subscription aggregating results based on some properties specifying multiple groupings.
vm show
Get the details of a VM.
Show information about a VM.
lab secret
Manage secrets of an Azure DevTest Lab.
batch certificate
Manage Batch certificates.
vmss list-skus
Gets a list of SKUs available for your VM scale set, including the minimum and maximum VM instances allowed for each SKU.
lab artifact-source
Manage DevTest Lab artifact sources.
account show
Get the details of a subscription.
policy state list
List policy compliance states.
Get latest policy states at current subscription scope.
Get latest policy states at management group scope.
Get latest policy states for a resource using resource ID.
Get latest policy states for a nested resource using resource name.
Get latest policy states for a policy definition in current subscription.
Get latest policy states for a policy assignment in the specified resource group in current subscription.
Get latest policy states in current subscription during a custom time interval.
Get number of latest policy states in current subscription.
Get latest policy states in current subscription grouping results based on some properties.
batchai cluster
Commands to manage clusters.
batch job list
List all of the jobs or job schedule in a Batch account.
servicebus namespace show
Shows the Service Bus Namespace details
shows the Namespace details.
webapp config backup list
List backups of a web app.
webapp traffic-routing show
Display the current distribution of traffic across slots.
iot dps linked-hub delete
Update a linked IoT hub in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Delete linked IoT hub 'MyLinkedHub' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
webapp auth show
Show the authentification settings for the webapp.
vm availability-set
Group resources into availability sets.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Authorization Rule connection strings for Namespace
network vnet-gateway create
Create a virtual network gateway.
Create a basic virtual network gateway for site-to-site connectivity.
vmss extension set
Add an extension to a VMSS or update an existing extension.
network vpn-connection show
Get the details of a VPN connection.
View the details of a VPN connection.
managedapp definition show
Gets a managed application definition.
ams asset delete
Delete an asset.
dms project task show
Show the details of a migration Task. Use the "--expand" to get more details.
batch pool autoscale evaluate
Gets the result of evaluating an automatic scaling formula on the pool.  This API is primarily for validating an autoscale formula, as it simply returns the result without applying the formula to the pool. The pool must have auto scaling enabled in order to evaluate a formula.
sql midb delete
Delete a managed database.
Delete a managed database
policy definition
Manage resource policy definitions.
storage share snapshot
Creates a snapshot of an existing share under the specified account.
servicebus topic subscription rule update
Updates the ServiceBus Rule for Subscription
Updates Rule.
storage table generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the table. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of TableService.
sf cluster certificate
Manage a cluster certificate.
storage container policy list
List stored access policies on a containing object
eventgrid topic-type show
Get the details for a topic type.
storage file generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the file. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of FileService.
sf cluster
Manage an Azure Service Fabric cluster.
network dns record-set cname create
Create an empty CNAME record set.
Create an empty CNAME record set.
network nsg rule create
Create a network security group rule.
Create a basic "Allow" NSG rule with the highest priority.
Create a security rule using service tags. For more details visit https://aka.ms/servicetags
network vnet-gateway revoked-cert delete
Delete a revoked certificate.
Delete a revoked certificate.
network application-gateway waf-config set
Update the firewall configuration of a web application.
Configure WAF on an application gateway in detection mode with default values
servicebus queue authorization-rule update
Update Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Queue.
Update Authorization Rule for Queue
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule keys list
Shows the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the Eventhub.
Shows the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the eventhub.
servicebus namespace exists
check for the availability of the given name for the Namespace
check for the availability of mynamespace for the Namespace
batch job reset
Update the properties of a Batch job. Unspecified properties which can be updated are reset to their defaults.
network lb frontend-ip update
Update a frontend IP address.
Update the frontend IP address of a public load balancer.
dla account blob-storage delete
Updates the specified Data Lake Analytics account to remove an Azure Storage account.
storage container show-permission
Gets the permissions for the specified container. The permissions indicate whether container data may be accessed publicly.
batch application
Manage Batch applications.
policy definition update
Update a policy definition.
batch certificate show
Gets information about the specified certificate.
webapp deployment slot auto-swap
Configure deployment slot auto swap.
vmss diagnostics
Configure the Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set diagnostics extension.
servicebus georecovery-alias authorization-rule list
Shows the list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Namespace
Shows the list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Namespace
sf cluster setting set
Update the settings of a cluster.
Set the `MaxFileOperationTimeout` setting for a cluster to 5 seconds.
aks
Manage Azure Kubernetes Services.
sql server dns-alias
Manage a server's DNS aliases.
batch pool show
Gets information about the specified pool.
eventgrid event-subscription show
Get the details of an event subscription.
Show the details of an event subscription for an Event Grid topic.
Show the details of an event subscription for a resource group.
vm unmanaged-disk attach
Attach an unmanaged persistent disk to a VM.
Attach a new default sized (1023 GB) unmanaged data disk to a VM.
batch pool autoscale
Manage automatic scaling of Batch pools.
postgres server configuration show
Get the configuration for a server."
sql db op list
Gets a list of operations performed on the database.
network dns record-set srv show
Get the details of an SRV record set.
Get the details of an SRV record set.
group deployment wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a deployment condition is met.
ams account sp create
Create a service principal and configure its access to an Azure Media Services account.
Create a service principal with password and configure its access to an Azure Media Services account. Output will be in xml format.
iot hub show-connection-string
Show the connection strings for an IoT hub.
Show the connection string of an IoT hub using default policy and primary key.
Show the connection strings for all IoT hubs in a resource group.
sql dw
Manage data warehouses.
network vnet subnet
Manage subnets in an Azure Virtual Network.
appservice plan
Manage app service plans.
role definition list
List role definitions.
webapp deployment source update-token
Update source control token cached in Azure app service. If no token is provided, the command will clean up existing token.
network vnet-gateway revoked-cert
Manage revoked certificates in a virtual network gateway.
dla account firewall update
Update a firewall rule in a Data Lake Analytics account.
network express-route wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the ExpressRoute is met.
Pause executing next line of CLI script until the ExpressRoute circuit is successfully provisioned.
batchai job list
List jobs.
List jobs.
webapp deployment container
Manage container-based continuous deployment.
advisor configuration update
Update Azure Advisor configuration.
Update low CPU threshold for a given subscription to 20%.
servicebus namespace create
Create a Service Bus Namespace
Create a Service Bus Namespace.
iot device message
(PREVIEW) Manage IoT device messaging.
network dns record-set srv create
Create an empty SRV record set.
Create an empty SRV record set.
network application-gateway ssl-policy predefined show
Gets SSL predefined policy with the specified policy name.
Gets SSL predefined policy with the specified policy name.
mysql db show
Show the details of a database.
Show database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr'.
network dns record-set cname set-record
Set the value of a CNAME record.
Set the value of a CNAME record.
network vpn-connection update
Update a VPN connection.
Add BGP to an existing connection.
role definition update
Update a role definition.
network dns record-set txt create
Create an empty TXT record set.
Create an empty TXT record set.
network nsg
Manage Azure Network Security Groups (NSGs).
monitor action-group delete
Delete an action group.
network application-gateway redirect-config list
List redirect configurations.
List redirect configurations.
iot device update
Update the metadata of a device in an IoT hub.
Disable a device.
ad group member
Manage Azure Active Directory group members.
network vnet update
Update a virtual network.
Update a virtual network with the IP address of a DNS server.
batch job delete
Deletes a job.  Deleting a job also deletes all tasks that are part of that job, and all job statistics. This also overrides the retention period for task data; that is, if the job contains tasks which are still retained on compute nodes, the Batch services deletes those tasks' working directories and all their contents.  When a Delete Job request is received, the Batch service sets the job to the deleting state. All update operations on a job that is in deleting state will fail with status code 409 (Conflict), with additional information indicating that the job is being deleted.
network application-gateway ssl-cert delete
Delete an SSL certificate.
Delete an SSL certificate.
storage file copy start
Copies a file asynchronously. This operation returns a copy operation  properties object, including a copy ID you can use to check or abort the  copy operation. The File service copies files on a best-effort basis.  If the destination file exists, it will be overwritten. The destination  file cannot be modified while the copy operation is in progress.
storage file delete
Marks the specified file for deletion. The file is later deleted during garbage collection.
dls fs join
Join files in a Data Lake Store account into one file.
feature
Manage resource provider features.
sf cluster node-type add
Add a new node type to a cluster.
Add a new node type to a cluster.
account clear
Clear all subscriptions from the CLI's local cache.
resource invoke-action
Invoke an action on the resource.
Power-off a vm, specified by Id.
network application-gateway url-path-map show
Get the details of a URL path map.
Get the details of a URL path map.
batch node remote-desktop
Retrieve the remote desktop protocol file for a Batch compute node.
sql dw update
Update a data warehouse.
vmss nic list-vm-nics
Gets information about all network interfaces in a virtual machine in a virtual machine scale set.
lab
Manage Azure DevTest Labs.
ad group create
Create a group in the directory.
ad sp credential list
list a service principal's credentials.
network watcher packet-capture stop
Stop a running packet capture session.
Stop a running packet capture session.
network lb inbound-nat-rule list
List inbound NAT rules.
List inbound NAT rules.
network application-gateway redirect-config
Manage redirect configurations.
network application-gateway ssl-cert show
Get the details of an SSL certificate.
Get the details of an SSL certificate.
servicebus queue authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Authorization Rule keys for Service Bus Queue
lab arm-template show
Get the details of an ARM template in a lab.
keyvault list-deleted
Gets information about the deleted vaults in a subscription.
acr show
Get the details of a container registry.
Get the login server for a container registry.
dms project
Manage Projects for an instance of the Data Migration Service.
vmss disk
Manage data disks of a VMSS.
batch task delete
Deletes a task from the specified job.  When a task is deleted, all of the files in its directory on the compute node where it ran are also deleted (regardless of the retention time). For multi-instance tasks, the delete task operation applies synchronously to the primary task; subtasks and their files are then deleted asynchronously in the background.
batchai workspace show
Show information about a workspace.
Show information about a workspace.
keyvault certificate show
Gets information about a specified certificate. Authorization: requires the certificates/get permission.
sf cluster show
Get cluster resource.
storage directory create
Creates a new directory under the specified share or parent directory.  If the directory with the same name already exists, the operation fails on the service. By default, the exception is swallowed by the client. To expose the exception, specify True for fail_on_exists.
group deployment operation
Manage deployment operations.
network dns zone import
Create a DNS zone using a DNS zone file.
Import a local zone file into a DNS zone resource.
storage account delete
Delete a storage account.
Delete a storage account using a resource ID.
batch task file download
Download the content of a Batch task file.
network application-gateway probe
Manage probes to gather and evaluate information on a gateway.
backup policy list
List all policies for a Recovery services vault.
webapp config connection-string list
Get a web app's connection strings.
sf application
Manage applications running on an Azure Service Fabric cluster.
sql server dns-alias list
Gets a list of server DNS aliases for a server.
sql db audit-policy
Manage a database's auditing policy.
backup job
Entity which contains details of the job.
storage directory list
List directories in a share.
dla catalog tvf
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog table valued functions.
functionapp config ssl delete
Delete an SSL certificate from a function app.
storage container lease release
Release the lease. The lease may be released if the lease_id specified matches that associated with the container. Releasing the lease allows another client to immediately acquire the lease for the container as soon as the release is complete.
policy assignment list
List resource policy assignments.
sql dw list
List data warehouses for a server.
network application-gateway redirect-config create
Create a redirect configuration.
Create a redirect configuration to a http-listener called MyBackendListener.
functionapp identity show
(PREVIEW) display functionapp's managed service identity
batch pool list
Lists all of the pools in the specified account.
cdn profile create
Create a new CDN profile.
Create a CDN profile using Verizon premium CDN.
keyvault certificate issuer
Manage certificate issuer information.
network dns record-set cname list
List the CNAME record set in a zone.
List the CNAME record set in a zone.
cdn endpoint list
List available endpoints for a CDN.
List all endpoints within a given CDN profile.
sql db op cancel
dls fs show
Get file or folder information in a Data Lake Store account.
vm secret remove
Remove a secret from a VM.
webapp deployment slot delete
Delete a deployment slot.
extension list
List the installed extensions.
monitor diagnostic-settings categories
Retrieve service diagnostic settings categories.
network
Manage Azure Network resources.
group deployment
Manage Azure Resource Manager deployments.
network public-ip create
Create a public IP address.
Create a basic public IP resource.
Create a public IP resource in an availability zone in the current resource group region.
backup vault show
Show details of a particular Recovery service vault.
cosmosdb list-keys
List the access keys for a Azure Cosmos DB database account.
backup restore restore-disks
Restore disks of the backed VM from the specified recovery point.
feature show
Gets the preview feature with the specified name.
batch task list
Lists all of the tasks that are associated with the specified job.  For multi-instance tasks, information such as affinityId, executionInfo and nodeInfo refer to the primary task. Use the list subtasks API to retrieve information about subtasks.
vm image list-publishers
List the VM image publishers available in the Azure Marketplace.
List all publishers in the West US region.
network application-gateway address-pool list
List address pools.
List address pools.
network application-gateway address-pool
Manage address pools of an application gateway.
webapp config connection-string set
Update a web app's connection strings.
Add a mysql connection string.
provider register
Register a provider.
keyvault secret recover
Recovers the deleted secret back to its current version under /secrets. Authorization: requires the secrets/recover permission.
group update
Update a resource group.
network dns record-set a list
List all A record sets in a zone.
List all A record sets in a zone.
batch application show
Gets information about the specified application.
iot hub certificate generate-verification-code
Generates a verification code for an Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Generates a verification code for MyCertificate
webapp identity show
(PREVIEW) display webapp's managed service identity
cosmosdb collection delete
Deletes an Azure Cosmos DB collection 
acr update
Update a container registry.
Update tags for a container registry.
Enable the administrator user account for a container registry.
ad app
Manage applications with AAD Graph.
sql server vnet-rule list
Gets a list of virtual network rules in a server.
network nic show
Get the details of a network interface.
Get the internal domain name suffix of a NIC.
reservations catalog
See catalog of available reservations
keyvault secret purge
Permanently deletes the specified secret. aka purges the secret. Authorization: requires the secrets/purge permission.
vmss rolling-upgrade cancel
Cancels the current virtual machine scale set rolling upgrade.
functionapp deployment source show
Get the details of a source control deployment configuration.
ad sp credential reset
Reset a service principal credential.
network dns record-set ns create
Create an empty NS record set.
Create an empty NS record set.
batch node remote-login-settings
Retrieve the remote login settings for a Batch compute node.
sql server tde-key set
Sets the server's encryption protector.
reservations catalog show
Get catalog of available reservation.
storage table policy
Manage shared access policies of a storage table.
lock list
List lock information.
List out the locks on a vnet resource. Includes locks in the associated group and subscription.
disk show
Gets information about a disk.
keyvault certificate list
List certificates in a specified key vault.  The GetCertificates operation returns the set of certificates resources in the specified key vault.
extension add
Add an extension.
Add extension by name
Add extension from local disk
network list-usages
List the number of network resources in a region that are used against a subscription quota.
List the provisioned network resources in East US region within a subscription.
network application-gateway address-pool show
Get the details of an address pool.
Get the details of an address pool.
webapp update
Update a web app.
Update the tags of a web app.
storage blob service-properties delete-policy update
Update the storage blob delete-policy.
policy definition delete
Delete a policy definition.
dla catalog
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalogs.
network application-gateway frontend-port list
List frontend ports.
List frontend ports.
network watcher troubleshooting
Manage Network Watcher troubleshooting sessions.
resource lock delete
Delete a resource-level lock.
Delete a resource level lock
aks browse
Show the dashboard for a Kubernetes cluster in a web browser.
iot dps show
Get the details of an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Show details of an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service 'MyDps'
acr delete
Deletes a container registry.
Delete a container registry.
network application-gateway rule
Evaluate probe information and define routing rules.
keyvault purge
Permanently deletes the specified vault. aka Purges the deleted Azure key vault.
provider operation
Get provider operations metadatas.
network asg list
List all application security groups in a subscription.
List all application security groups in a subscription.
storage account create
Create a storage account.
Create a storage account 'MyStorageAccount' in resource group 'MyResourceGroup' in the West US region with locally redundant storage.
eventhubs namespace exists
check for the availability of the given name for the Namespace
Create a new topic.
monitor alert update
Update a metric-based alert rule.
cognitiveservices account update
Update the properties of an Azure Cognitive Services account.
batch node user create
Add a user account to a Batch compute node.
network nic ip-config show
Show the details of an IP configuration.
Show the details of an IP configuration of a NIC.
eventhubs
Manage Azure Event Hubs namespaces, eventhubs, consumergroups and geo recovery configurations - Alias
postgres
Manage Azure Database for PostgreSQL servers.
monitor autoscale delete
Deletes and autoscale setting.
backup vault backup-properties
Properties of the Recovery Services vault.
webapp config ssl
Configure SSL certificates for web apps.
vm extension image show
Display information for an extension.
Show the CustomScript extension version 2.0.2.
billing invoice list
List all available invoices of the subscription
vmss extension list
List extensions associated with a VMSS.
dla catalog procedure list
Retrieves the list of procedures from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
dms project show
Show the details of a migration Project.
batch pool
Manage Batch pools.
advisor recommendation disable
Disable Azure Advisor recommendations.
monitor activity-log alert action-group remove
Remove action groups from this activity log alert
backup protection
Manage protection of your items, enable protection or disable it, or take on-demand backups.
iot hub certificate delete
Deletes an Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Deletes MyCertificate
iot device message send
Send a device-to-cloud message.
Send a device-to-cloud message to an IoT hub with a default message.
functionapp start
Start a function app.
network dns
Manage DNS domains in Azure.
keyvault certificate list-deleted
Lists the deleted certificates in the specified vault, currently available for recovery.  The GetDeletedCertificates operation retrieves the certificates in the current vault which are in a deleted state and ready for recovery or purging.
dla job recurrence show
Retrieve a job recurrence in a Data Lake Analytics account.
policy assignment
Manage resource policy assignments.
ad sp credential
manage a service principal's credentials.
functionapp delete
Delete a function app.
storage container lease
Manage blob storage container leases.
network application-gateway waf-config
Configure the settings of a web application firewall.
dms project task create
Create and start a migration Task.
Create and start a Task which performs no validation checks.
The format of the database options JSON object.
network route-table route show
Get the details of a route in a route table.
Get the details of a route in a route table.
vm extension list
List the extensions attached to a VM.
List attached extensions to a named VM.
network nic ip-config address-pool remove
Remove an address pool of an IP configuration.
Remove an address pool of an IP configuration.
cdn endpoint start
Start a CDN endpoint.
Start a CDN endpoint.
sql server ad-admin create
Create a new server Active Directory administrator.
keyvault certificate contact delete
Remove a certificate contact from the specified vault. 
network application-gateway url-path-map rule delete
Delete a rule of a URL path map.
Delete a rule of a URL path map.
monitor activity-log list-categories
List the event categories of activity logs.
batch job all-statistics
View statistics of all jobs under a Batch account.
acr build-task
Manage build definitions, which can be triggered by git commits or base image updates.
cdn custom-domain delete
Delete the custom domain of a CDN.
Delete a custom domain.
ams transform list
List all the transforms of an Azure Media Services account.
consumption budget show
Show budget for an Azure subscription.
dla catalog credential show
Retrieve a catalog credential.
vm restart
Restart VMs.
Restart a VM.
dla job show
Get information for a Data Lake Analytics job.
aks upgrade-connector
(PREVIEW) Upgrade the ACI Connector on a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Upgrade the ACI Connector for Linux to a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Upgrade the ACI Connector for both Windows and Linux to a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Upgrade the ACI Connector from a custom Helm chart with custom tag.
ams asset create
Create an asset.
network vnet
Manage Azure Virtual Networks.
network dns record-set txt add-record
Add a TXT record.
Add a TXT record.
redis patch-schedule patch-schedule show
Gets the patching schedule of a redis cache (requires Premium SKU).
sql db replica delete-link
Permanently stop data replication between two database replicas.
cdn endpoint create
Create a named endpoint to connect to a CDN.
Create an endpoint to service content for hostname over HTTP or HTTPS.
Create an endpoint with a custom domain with compression and only HTTPS.
vmss delete-instances
Delete VMs within a VMSS.
storage container create
Create a container in a storage account.
Create a storage container in a storage account.
webapp deployment source config-zip
Perform deployment using the kudu zip push deployment for a webapp.
Perform deployment by using zip file content.
servicebus topic create
Create the Service Bus Topic
Create a new Service Bus Topic
dla catalog assembly
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog assemblies.
network express-route peering delete
Delete peering settings.
Delete private peering.
servicebus topic subscription show
Shows Service Bus Subscription Details
Shows the Subscription details.
vm identity
manage service identities of a VM
storage share policy show
Show a stored access policy on a containing object
vmss disk attach
Attach managed data disks to a scale set or its instances.
policy set-definition show
get a policy set definition.
servicebus topic delete
Deletes the Service Bus Topic
Deletes the Service Bus Topic
lab vm
Manage VMs in an Azure DevTest Lab.
sql db replica create
Create a database as a readable secondary replica of an existing database.
Create a database with performance level S0 as a secondary replica of an existing Standard database.
dls fs access show
Display the access control list (ACL).
vm identity show
display VM's managed identity info.
network application-gateway url-path-map delete
Delete a URL path map.
Delete a URL path map.
storage share metadata show
Returns all user-defined metadata for the specified share.
batch node list
Lists the compute nodes in the specified pool.
monitor diagnostic-settings show
Gets the active diagnostic settings for the specified resource.
batch node remote-login-settings show
Gets the settings required for remote login to a compute node.  Before you can remotely login to a node using the remote login settings, you must create a user account on the node. This API can be invoked only on pools created with the virtual machine configuration property. For pools created with a cloud service configuration, see the GetRemoteDesktop API.
lab vm delete
Delete virtual machine. This operation can take a while to complete.
keyvault key import
Import a private key. Supports importing base64 encoded private keys from PEM files. Supports importing BYOK keys into HSM for premium KeyVaults. 
billing period list
Lists the available billing periods for a subscription in reverse chronological order. This is only supported for Azure Web-Direct subscriptions. Other subscription types which were not purchased directly through the Azure web portal are not supported through this preview API.
acr repository delete
Delete a repository or image in a container registry.
Delete a repository from a container registry.
Delete an image by sha256-based manifest digest. This deletes all tags referencing the manifest and any associated layer data.
network vnet-gateway
Use an Azure Virtual Network Gateway to establish secure, cross-premises connectivity.
appservice plan create
Create an app service plan.
Create a basic app service plan.
monitor action-group show
Show the details of an action group
dla catalog external-data-source list
Retrieves the list of external data sources from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
network vnet-gateway root-cert delete
Delete a root certificate.
Remove a certificate from the list of Root Certificates whose children are allowed to access this Gateway.
sql dw delete
Delete a data warehouse.
network route-filter rule
(PREVIEW) Manage rules in a route filter.
network vnet-gateway vpn-client
Download a VPN client configuration required to connect to Azure via point-to-site.
network vnet list
List virtual networks.
List all virtual networks in a subscription.
List virtual networks in a subscription which specify a certain address prefix.
mysql
Manage Azure Database for MySQL servers.
cdn custom-domain enable-https
Enable https delivery of the custom domain.
storage cors clear
Remove all CORS rules from a storage account.
network watcher configure
Configure the Network Watcher service for different regions.
Configure Network Watcher for the West US region.
dla account firewall show
Retrieve a firewall rule in a Data Lake Analytics account.
storage metrics show
Show metrics settings for a storage account.
sf application certificate add
Add a new certificate to the Virtual Machine Scale Sets that make up the cluster to be used by hosted applications.
Add an application certificate.
network vnet-gateway vpn-client show-url
Retrieve a pre-generated VPN client configuration.
Get the pre-generated point-to-site VPN client of the virtual network gateway.
batchai experiment show
Show information about an experiment.
Show information about an experiment.
postgres server configuration set
Update the configuration of a server.
Set a new configuration value.
iot device create
Register a device for an IoT hub.
Create a device authenticating with symmetric key.
Create a device authenticating with a self-signed X.509 certificate, which is put into to the current directory.
Create a device authenticating with a self-signed X.509 certificate, and write the certificate to /path/to/output.
cdn edge-node
View all available CDN edge nodes.
identity create
Create or update an identity in the specified subscription and resource group.
network vnet list-endpoint-services
List which services support VNET service tunneling in a given region.
List the endpoint services available for use in the West US region.
cosmosdb collection exists
Returns a boolean indicating whether the collection exists 
iot hub consumer-group show
Get the details for an event hub consumer group.
ams streaming policy list
List all the streaming policies within an Azure Media Services account.
policy state
Manage policy compliance states.
sql elastic-pool create
Create an elastic pool.
Create elastic pool with zone redundancy enabled
Create a Standard 100 DTU elastic pool.
dms stop
Stop an instance of the Data Migration Service. While stopped, it can't be used to run data migrations and the owner won't be billed.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule show
Shows the details of Service Bus Namespace Authorization Rule
Shows the details of Service Bus Namespace Authorization Rule
network local-gateway wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the local gateway is met.
network route-filter list
List route filters.
List route filters in a resource group.
monitor metrics list-definitions
Lists the metric definitions for the resource.
eventhubs namespace delete
Deletes the Namespaces
Deletes the Namespace
acr replication show
Get the details of a replication.
Get the details of a replication.
appservice plan list
List app service plans.
List all free tier App Service plans.
iot hub policy create
Create a new shared access policy in an IoT hub.
Create a new shared access policy.
vm stop
Stop a running VM.
Stop a running VM.
ams streaming policy
Manage streaming policies for an Azure Media Services account.
keyvault certificate pending delete
Deletes the operation for a specified certificate. Authorization: requires the certificates/update permission.
acr repository list
List repositories in a container registry.
List repositories in a given container registry.
monitor activity-log alert scope
Manage scopes for activity log alerts
login
Log in to Azure.
Log in interactively.
Log in with a service principal using client secret.
Log in using a VM's system assigned identity
dls account firewall list
Lists firewall rules in a Data Lake Store account.
servicebus topic
Manage Azure Service Bus Topic and Authorization Rule
functionapp restart
Restart a function app.
network ddos-protection show
Show details of a DDoS protection plan.
cdn endpoint update
Update a CDN endpoint to manage how content is delivered.
Turn off HTTP traffic for an endpoint.
network lb probe update
Update a probe.
Update a probe with a different port and interval.
dms check-status
Perform a health check and return the status of the service and virtual machine size.
vm update
Update the properties of a VM.
Add or update a tag.
Set the primary NIC of a VM.
Remove the fourth NIC from a VM.
monitor autoscale-settings list
Lists the autoscale settings for a resource group.
network route-table show
Get the details of a route table.
Get the details of a route table.
storage blob lease renew
Renews the lease. The lease can be renewed if the lease ID specified on the request matches that associated with the blob. Note that the lease may be renewed even if it has expired as long as the blob has not been modified or leased again since the expiration of that lease. When you renew a lease, the lease duration clock resets.
batch account keys list
Gets the account keys for the specified Batch account.  This operation applies only to Batch accounts created with a poolAllocationMode of 'BatchService'. If the Batch account was created with a poolAllocationMode of 'UserSubscription', clients cannot use access to keys to authenticate, and must use Azure Active Directory instead. In this case, getting the keys will fail.
network lb inbound-nat-pool
Manage inbound NAT address pools of a load balancer.
batch account list
List the Batch accounts associated with a subscription or resource group.
storage directory show
Returns all user-defined metadata and system properties for the specified directory. The data returned does not include the directory's list of files.
vm extension image
Find the available VM extensions for a subscription and region.
network dns record-set ptr update
Update a PTR record set.
Update a PTR record set.
servicebus georecovery-alias exists
Check if Geo Recovery Alias Name is available
Check availability of the Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias Name
dla catalog external-data-source show
Retrieves the specified external data source from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
network dns record-set ns remove-record
Remove an NS record from its record set.
Remove an NS record from its record set.
eventhubs georecovery-alias break-pair
Disables Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias and stops replicating changes from primary to secondary namespaces
Disables Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias and stops replicating changes from primary to secondary namespaces
acr repository show-manifests
Show manifests of a repository in a container registry.
Show manifests of a repository in a container registry.
reservations reservation list
Get all reservations.
storage blob upload-batch
Upload files from a local directory to a blob container.
dls account firewall delete
Deletes a firewall rule in a Data Lake Store account.
network route-table
Manage route tables.
vm encryption show
Show encryption status.
batchai file-server show
Show information about a file server.
Show full information about a file server.
vm nic show
Display information for a NIC attached to a VM.
Show details of a NIC on a VM.
billing period show
Gets a named billing period.  This is only supported for Azure Web-Direct subscriptions. Other subscription types which were not purchased directly through the Azure web portal are not supported through this preview API.
batch job all-statistics show
Get lifetime summary statistics for all of the jobs in a Batch account.
monitor autoscale rule list
List autoscale rules for a profile.
storage message peek
Retrieves one or more messages from the front of the queue, but does not alter the visibility of the message.  Only messages that are visible may be retrieved. When a message is retrieved  for the first time with a call to get_messages, its dequeue_count property  is set to 1. If it is not deleted and is subsequently retrieved again, the  dequeue_count property is incremented. The client may use this value to  determine how many times a message has been retrieved. Note that a call  to peek_messages does not increment the value of DequeueCount, but returns  this value for the client to read.  If the key-encryption-key or resolver field is set on the local service object, the messages will be decrypted before being returned.
redis patch-schedule show
Gets the patching schedule of a redis cache (requires Premium SKU).
webapp start
Start a web app.
reservations reservation update
Updates the applied scopes of the reservation.
managedapp definition list
List managed application definitions.
servicebus queue
Manage Azure Service Bus Queue and Authorization Rule
mysql server wait
Wait for server to satisfy certain conditions.
maps account keys list
List the keys to use with the Maps APIs.
ams job show
Show the details of a job.
network asg show
Get details of an application security group.
Get details of an application security group.
snapshot show
Gets information about a snapshot.
network application-gateway http-listener list
List HTTP listeners.
List HTTP listeners.
tag delete
Deletes a tag from the subscription.  You must remove all values from a resource tag before you can delete it.
network vnet peering delete
Delete a peering.
Delete a virtual network peering connection.
network route-table route create
Create a route in a route table.
Create a route that forces all inbound traffic to a Network Virtual Appliance.
dla account blob-storage
(PREVIEW) Manage links between Data Lake Analytics accounts and Azure Storage.
tag create
Creates a tag in the subscription.  The tag name can have a maximum of 512 characters and is case insensitive. Tag names created by Azure have prefixes of microsoft, azure, or windows. You cannot create tags with one of these prefixes.
dla job
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics jobs.
storage account generate-sas
storage queue list
List queues in a storage account.
storage entity show
Get an entity from the specified table. Throws if the entity does not exist.
vm disk attach
Attach a managed persistent disk to a VM.
Attach a new default sized (1023 GB) managed data disk to a VM.
batch application list
Lists all of the applications in the specified account.
batch account keys
Manage Batch account keys.
consumption reservation detail
List reservation details.
vmss extension
Manage extensions on a VM scale set.
sql db update
Update a database.
Update database with zone redundancy enabled
dls fs access set-permission
Set the permissions for a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
batchai file-server delete
Delete a file server.
Delete file server and wait for deletion to be completed.
Request file server deletion without waiting for deletion to be completed.
eventgrid event-subscription update
Update an event subscription.
Update an event subscription for an Event Grid topic to specify a new endpoint.
Update an event subscription for a resource group to specify a new endpoint and a new subject-ends-with filter.
billing enrollment-account show
Gets a enrollment account by name.
functionapp show
Get the details of a function app.
cdn edge-node list
Lists all the edge nodes of a CDN service.
postgres server restore
Restore a server from backup.
Restore 'testsvr' as 'testsvrnew'.
disk list
List managed disks.
lab formula delete
Delete formula.
image create
Create a custom Virtual Machine Image from managed disks or snapshots.
Create an image from an existing disk.
keyvault certificate import
Import a certificate into KeyVault.
Create a service principal with a certificate, add the certificate to Key Vault and provision a VM with that certificate.
iot dps linked-hub update
Update a linked IoT hub in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Update linked IoT hub 'MyLinkedHub.azure-devices.net' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
vm availability-set list
List availability sets.
List availability sets.
appservice plan update
Update an app service plan.
network traffic-manager endpoint list
List traffic manager endpoints.
List traffic manager endpoints.
storage container policy delete
Delete a stored access policy on a containing object 
resource lock update
Update a resource-level lock.
Update a resource level lock with new notes and type
storage file show
Returns all user-defined metadata, standard HTTP properties, and system properties for the file. Returns an instance of :class:`~azure.storage.file.models.File` with :class:`~azure.storage.file.models.FileProperties` and a metadata dict.
network nsg rule update
Update a network security group rule.
Update an NSG rule with a new wildcard destination address prefix.
batch node file
Manage Batch compute node files.
network lb update
Update a load balancer.
Update the tags of a load balancer.
sf cluster certificate add
Add a secondary cluster certificate to the cluster.
Add a certificate to a  cluster using a keyvault secret identifier.
network express-route peering update
Update peering settings of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Add IPv6 Microsoft Peering settings to existing IPv4 config.
network route-table route delete
Delete a route from a route table.
Delete a route from a route table.
dla catalog database
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog databases.
network local-gateway update
Update a local VPN gateway.
Update a Local Network Gateway provisioned with a 10.0.0.0/24 address prefix with additional prefixes.
group deployment list
Get all the deployments for a resource group.
storage share stats
Gets the approximate size of the data stored on the share, rounded up to the nearest gigabyte.  Note that this value may not include all recently created or recently resized files.
storage directory
Manage file storage directories.
storage container policy update
Set a stored access policy on a containing object
acr credential
Manage login credentials for Azure Container Registries.
dla account list
List available Data Lake Analytics accounts.
network lb inbound-nat-rule update
Update an inbound NAT rule.
Update an inbound NAT rule to disable floating IP and modify idle timeout duration.
dla account firewall
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics account firewall rules.
network application-gateway auth-cert show
Show an authorization certificate.
Show an authorization certificate.
network dns record-set mx remove-record
Remove an MX record from its record set.
Remove an MX record from its record set.
storage message put
Adds a new message to the back of the message queue.   The visibility timeout specifies the time that the message will be  invisible. After the timeout expires, the message will become visible.  If a visibility timeout is not specified, the default value of 0 is used.  The message time-to-live specifies how long a message will remain in the  queue. The message will be deleted from the queue when the time-to-live  period expires.  If the key-encryption-key field is set on the local service object, this method will encrypt the content before uploading.
cognitiveservices list
List available Azure Cognitive Services accounts.
List all the Cognitive Services accounts in a resource group.
storage blob copy start
Copies a blob asynchronously. This operation returns a copy operation  properties object, including a copy ID you can use to check or abort the  copy operation. The Blob service copies blobs on a best-effort basis.  The source blob for a copy operation may be a block blob, an append blob,  or a page blob. If the destination blob already exists, it must be of the  same blob type as the source blob. Any existing destination blob will be  overwritten. The destination blob cannot be modified while a copy operation  is in progress.  When copying from a page blob, the Blob service creates a destination page  blob of the source blob's length, initially containing all zeroes. Then  the source page ranges are enumerated, and non-empty ranges are copied.   For a block blob or an append blob, the Blob service creates a committed  blob of zero length before returning from this operation. When copying  from a block blob, all committed blocks and their block IDs are copied.  Uncommitted blocks are not copied. At the end of the copy operation, the  destination blob will have the same committed block count as the source.  When copying from an append blob, all committed blocks are copied. At the  end of the copy operation, the destination blob will have the same committed  block count as the source.  For all blob types, you can call get_blob_properties on the destination  blob to check the status of the copy operation. The final blob will be  committed when the copy completes.
batch node
Manage Batch compute nodes.
sql server dns-alias set
Sets a server to which DNS alias should point
postgres server configuration
Manage configuration values for a server.
eventhubs eventhub delete
Deletes the Eventhub
Deletes the Eventhub
resource move
Moves resources from one resource group to another(can be under different subscription)
iot hub job show
Get the details of a job in an IoT hub.
aks remove-dev-spaces
(PREVIEW) Remove Azure Dev Spaces from a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Remove Azure Dev Spaces from a managed Kubernetes cluster.
network dns record-set a show
Get the details of an A record set.
Get the details of an A record set.
eventhubs georecovery-alias authorization-rule list
List of Authorizationrule by Event Hubs Namespace
List of Authorizationrule by Event Hubs Namespace
functionapp update
Update a function app.
storage queue generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the queue. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of QueueService.
functionapp config hostname add
Bind a hostname to a function app.
dla catalog table
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog tables.
storage file list
List files and directories in a share.
network route-filter
(PREVIEW) Manage route filters.
batchai experiment list
List experiments.
List experiments.
lab secret show
Get secret.
network nic ip-config create
Create an IP configuration.
Create a primary IP configuration for a NIC.
acr build-task list-builds
List all of the executed builds for a registry, with the ability to filter by a specific build task.
List builds for a build task and show the results in a table.
lab formula export-artifacts
Export artifacts from a formula.
lab vm stop
Stop a virtual machine This operation can take a while to complete.
network application-gateway redirect-config delete
Delete a redirect configuration.
Delete a redirect configuration.
storage table policy create
Create a stored access policy on the containing object
batch node scheduling enable
Enables task scheduling on the specified compute node.  You can enable task scheduling on a node only if its current scheduling state is disabled.
storage account
Manage storage accounts.
ad sp list
List service principals.
storage blob copy
Manage blob copy operations.
batch job-schedule stop
Terminates a job schedule.
iot dps access-policy create
Create a new shared access policy in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Create a new shared access policy in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service with EnrollmentRead right
container logs
Examine the logs for a container in a container group.
lab delete
Delete lab. This operation can take a while to complete.
network vnet-gateway list-learned-routes
This operation retrieves a list of routes the virtual network gateway has learned, including routes learned from BGP peers.
Retrieve a list of learned routes.
batchai job delete
Delete a job.
Delete a job. The job will be terminated if it's currently running.
Request job deletion without waiting for job to be deleted.
backup restore files unmount-rp
Close access to the recovery point.
ams streaming policy create
Create a streaming policy.
network local-gateway show
Get the details of a local VPN gateway.
Get the details of a local VPN gateway.
network dns record-set mx update
Update an MX record set.
Update an MX record set.
network lb rule list
List load balancing rules.
List load balancing rules.
cognitiveservices account delete
Delete an Azure Cognitive Services account.
storage account keys renew
Regenerates one of the access keys for the specified storage account.
ad user delete
Delete a user.
postgres server firewall-rule list
List all firewall rules for a server.
iot hub delete
Delete an IoT hub.
network lb frontend-ip
Manage frontend IP addresses of a load balancer.
sql server list
List available servers.
List all servers in the current subscription.
servicebus georecovery-alias authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Authorization Rule keys for Service Bus Namespace
lock show
Show the properties of a lock
Show a subscription level lock
batchai
Manage Batch AI resources.
vm user delete
Delete a user account from a VM.
Delete a user account.
sql midb list
List maanged databases on a managed instance.
List managed databases on a managed instance
webapp deployment
Manage web app deployments.
dla catalog table-type
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog table types.
webapp list-runtimes
List available built-in stacks which can be used for web apps.
batch pool node-agent-skus
Retrieve node agent SKUs of Batch pools using a Virtual Machine Configuration.
sql mi delete
Delete a managed instance.
Delete a managed instance
dla catalog view show
Retrieves the specified view from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
iot device message abandon
Abandon a cloud-to-device message.
vm list-usage
List available usage resources for VMs.
Get the compute resource usage for the West US region.
reservations reservation-order list
Get all reservation orders
dls fs upload
Upload a file or folder to a Data Lake Store account.
storage file upload
Upload a file to a share that uses the SMB 3.0 protocol.
Upload to a local file to a share.
dls fs access set
Replace the existing access control list for a file or folder.
acr replication update
Updates a replication.
Update tags for a replication
network express-route list-arp-tables
Show the current Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) table of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Show the current Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) table of an ExpressRoute circuit.
network application-gateway url-path-map create
Create a URL path map.
Create a URL path map with a rule.
network application-gateway url-path-map
Manage URL path maps of an application gateway.
resource link list
List resource links.
List links, filtering with <filter-string>
network application-gateway start
Start an application gateway.
Start an application gateway.
dls account trusted-provider list
Lists the Data Lake Store trusted identity providers within the specified Data Lake Store account.
aks upgrade
Upgrade a managed Kubernetes cluster to a newer version.
sf cluster setting
Manage a cluster's settings.
feature register
register a preview feature.
network vnet-gateway wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the virtual network gateway is met.
Pause CLI until the virtual network gateway is created.
role definition delete
Delete a role definition.
storage queue stats
Retrieves statistics related to replication for the Queue service. It is  only available when read-access geo-redundant replication is enabled for  the storage account.  With geo-redundant replication, Azure Storage maintains your data durable  in two locations. In both locations, Azure Storage constantly maintains  multiple healthy replicas of your data. The location where you read,  create, update, or delete data is the primary storage account location.  The primary location exists in the region you choose at the time you  create an account via the Azure Management Azure classic portal, for  example, North Central US. The location to which your data is replicated  is the secondary location. The secondary location is automatically  determined based on the location of the primary; it is in a second data  center that resides in the same region as the primary location. Read-only  access is available from the secondary location, if read-access geo-redundant  replication is enabled for your storage account.
vmss scale
Change the number of VMs within a VMSS.
sql server list-usages
Returns server usages.
ams transform
Manage transforms for an Azure Media Services account.
sql server firewall-rule delete
Deletes a firewall rule.
postgres server firewall-rule create
Create a new firewall rule for a server.
Create a firewall rule allowing all connections from all IP addresses.
network application-gateway url-path-map rule create
Create a rule for a URL path map.
Create a rule for a URL path map.
eventhubs georecovery-alias list
Gets all Alias(Disaster Recovery configurations).
role
Manage user roles for access control with Azure Active Directory and service principals.
keyvault certificate pending merge
Merges a certificate or a certificate chain with a key pair existing on the server.  The MergeCertificate operation performs the merging of a certificate or certificate chain with a key pair currently available in the service. Authorization: requires the certificates/update permission.
snapshot
Manage point-in-time copies of managed disks, native blobs, or other snapshots.
network traffic-manager profile update
Update a traffic manager profile.
Update a traffic manager profile to change the TTL to 300.
servicebus georecovery-alias set
Sets Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias for the give Namespace
Sets Geo Disaster Recovery configuration - Alias for the give Namespace
ad app update
Update an application.
update a native application with delegated permission of "access the AAD directory as the signed-in user"
webapp config show
Get the details of a web app's configuration.
cosmosdb collection
Manage Azure Cosmos DB collections.
cosmosdb update
Update an Azure Cosmos DB database account.
dls fs access remove-entry
Remove entries for the access control list of a file or folder.
network application-gateway ssl-policy list-options
Lists available SSL options for configuring SSL policy.
List available SSL options for configuring SSL policy.
acr webhook show
Get the details of a webhook.
Get the details of a webhook.
servicebus topic subscription rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Rule
dla account create
Create a Data Lake Analytics account.
keyvault secret download
Download a secret from a KeyVault. 
batch node reboot
Restarts the specified compute node.  You can restart a node only if it is in an idle or running state.
ams transform output
Manage transform outputs for an Azure Media Services account.
billing invoice
Get billing invoices for a subscription.
network lb probe delete
Delete a probe.
Delete a probe.
sql server conn-policy show
Gets a server's secure connection policy.
cdn custom-domain create
Create a new custom domain to provide a hostname for a CDN endpoint.
Create a custom domain within an endpoint and profile.
servicebus georecovery-alias delete
Deletes Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias request accepted
Delete Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias request accepted
functionapp config hostname delete
Unbind a hostname from a function app.
network dns record-set caa list
List all CAA record sets in a zone.
List all CAA record sets in a zone.
aks list
List managed Kubernetes clusters.
ams streaming endpoint start
Start a streaming endpoint.
batch pool autoscale enable
Enables automatic scaling for a pool.  You cannot enable automatic scaling on a pool if a resize operation is in progress on the pool. If automatic scaling of the pool is currently disabled, you must specify a valid autoscale formula as part of the request. If automatic scaling of the pool is already enabled, you may specify a new autoscale formula and/or a new evaluation interval. You cannot call this API for the same pool more than once every 30 seconds.
batch application create
Adds an application to the specified Batch account.
vm unmanaged-disk list
List unamanaged disks of a VM.
List the unmanaged disks attached to a VM.
network application-gateway address-pool create
Create an address pool.
Create an address pool with two endpoints.
network watcher flow-log
Manage network security group flow logging.
servicebus georecovery-alias authorization-rule show
Gets an authorization rule for a namespace by rule name.
cosmosdb delete
Deletes an Azure Cosmos DB database account.
network vpn-connection ipsec-policy
Manage VPN connection IPSec policies.
postgres db delete
Delete a database.
Delete database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr'.
servicebus topic list
List the Topic by Service Bus Namepsace
Get the Topics by Namespace.
redis import
Import data into a Redis cache.
postgres server firewall-rule delete
Delete a firewall rule.
network dns record-set txt remove-record
Remove a TXT record from its record set.
Remove a TXT record from its record set.
batch account delete
Deletes the specified Batch account.
backup item set-policy
Update the policy associated with this item.
policy definition list
List policy definitions.
sql list-usages
Gets all subscription usage metrics in a given location.
network dns record-set aaaa remove-record
Remove AAAA record from its record set.
Remove an AAAA record from its record set.
cdn endpoint load
Pre-load content for a CDN endpoint.
Pre-load Javascript and CSS content for an endpoint.
network application-gateway
Manage application-level routing and load balancing services.
sql mi create
Create a managed instance.
Create a managed instance with specified parameters and with identity
storage share policy create
Create a stored access policy on the containing object
network traffic-manager endpoint show
Get the details of a traffic manager endpoint.
Get the details of a traffic manager endpoint.
network dns record-set soa update
Update properties of an SOA record.
Update properties of an SOA record.
extension list-available
List publicly available extensions.
List all publicly available extensions
webapp config backup update
Configure a new backup schedule for a web app.
advisor configuration
Manage Azure Advisor configuration.
dls account trusted-provider show
Gets the specified Data Lake Store trusted identity provider.
iot dps delete
Delete an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Delete an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service 'MyDps'
dms wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the DMS instance is met.
iot hub policy show
Get the details of a shared access policy of an IoT hub.
iot device export
Export all the device identities in the IoT hub identity registry to an Azure Storage blob container.
mysql db
Manage MySQL databases on a server.
network dns record-set srv delete
Delete an SRV record set and all associated records.
Delete an SRV record set and all associated records.
sql server ad-admin
Manage a server's Active Directory administrator.
consumption pricesheet
Inspect the price sheet of an Azure subscription within a billing period.
dls fs access set-entry
Update the access control list for a file or folder.
network application-gateway ssl-cert
Manage SSL certificates of an application gateway.
batch task file show
Gets the properties of the specified task file.
cloud unregister
Unregister a cloud.
ams streaming endpoint
Manage streaming endpoints for an Azure Media Service account.
lab formula
Manage formulas for an Azure DevTest Lab.
ad app delete
Delete an application.
policy definition create
Create a policy definition.
Create a read-only policy.
storage table list
List tables in a storage account.
network watcher packet-capture
Manage packet capture sessions on VMs.
iot dps certificate update
Update an Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Update a CA certificate in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service by uploading a new PEM file.
sql server vnet-rule delete
Deletes the virtual network rule with the given name.
dla job pipeline
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics job pipelines.
dms project check-name
Check if a given Project name is available within a given instance of DMS as well as the name's validity.
batch job-schedule set
Update the properties of a job schedule.
webapp create
Create a web app.
Create a web app with the default configuration.
cosmosdb database create
Creates an Azure Cosmos DB database 
acr credential renew
Regenerate login credentials for a container registry.
Renew the second password for a container registry.
eventhubs georecovery-alias show
shows properties of Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias for Primay or Secondary Namespace
Shows properties of Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias of the Primary Namespace
resource lock
Manage Azure resource level locks.
batch certificate delete
Delete a certificate from a Batch account.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule keys renew
Regenerate keys of Authorization Rule for the Service Bus Namespace.
Regenerate keys of Authorization Rule for the Service Bus Namespace.
storage share policy update
Set a stored access policy on a containing object
batch application package
Manage Batch application packages.
iot hub
(PREVIEW) Manage Azure IoT hubs.
backup protection backup-now
Perform an on-demand backup of a backed up item.
postgres db show
Show the details of a database.
Show database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr'.
network express-route peering create
Create peering settings for an ExpressRoute circuit.
Create Microsoft Peering settings with IPv4 configuration.
dls fs remove-expiry
Remove the expiration time for a file.
batch account show
Gets information about the specified Batch account.
network local-gateway list
List all local VPN gateways in a resource group.
List all local VPN gateways in a resource group.
iot hub show-stats
Get the statistics for an IoT hub.
storage message delete
Deletes the specified message.  Normally after a client retrieves a message with the get_messages operation,  the client is expected to process and delete the message. To delete the  message, you must have two items of data: id and pop_receipt. The  id is returned from the previous get_messages operation. The  pop_receipt is returned from the most recent :func:`~get_messages` or  :func:`~update_message` operation. In order for the delete_message operation  to succeed, the pop_receipt specified on the request must match the  pop_receipt returned from the :func:`~get_messages` or :func:`~update_message`  operation.
dla account firewall delete
Delete a firewall rule in a Data Lake Analytics account.
keyvault key list-deleted
List deleted keys in the specified vault. Authorization: Requires the keys/list permission.
vmss rolling-upgrade start
Starts a rolling upgrade to move all virtual machine scale set instances to the latest available Platform Image OS version. Instances which are already running the latest available OS version are not affected.
storage blob copy cancel
Aborts a pending copy_blob operation, and leaves a destination blob with zero length and full metadata.
functionapp list-consumption-locations
List available locations for running function apps.
network dns record-set txt list
List all TXT record sets in a zone.
List all TXT record sets in a zone.
acr repository show-tags
Show tags for a repository in a container registry.
Show tags of a repository in a container registry.
vm encryption
Manage encryption of VM disks.
storage blob generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the blob. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of any BlobService.
ams account storage add
Attach a secondary storage to an Azure Media Services account.
dla catalog view list
List views in a database or schema.
sql mi update
Update a managed instance.
Updates a mi with specified parameters and with identity
postgres db
Manage PostgreSQL databases on a server.
webapp deployment container show-cd-url
Get the URL which can be used to configure webhooks for continuous deployment.
storage file
Manage file shares that use the SMB 3.0 protocol.
container export
Export a container group in yaml format.
Export a container group in yaml.
batch node scheduling disable
Disables task scheduling on the specified compute node.  You can disable task scheduling on a node only if its current scheduling state is enabled.
advisor recommendation list
List Azure Advisor recommendations.
iot device show-connection-string
Show the connection strings for devices in an IoT hub.
Show the connection string of a device in an IoT Hub using the primary key.
Show the connection strings of the default devices in an IoT Hub using primary key.
sql elastic-pool op
Manage operations on an elastic pool.
dls account show
Get the details of a Data Lake Store account.
network application-gateway frontend-ip update
Update a frontend IP address.
Update a frontend IP address to use a new IP address.
network application-gateway probe create
Create a probe.
Create an application gateway probe.
managedapp definition create
Create a managed application definition.
Create a managed application defintion.
vm image list
List the VM/VMSS images available in the Azure Marketplace.
List all available images.
List all CentOS images.
cosmosdb database show
Shows an Azure Cosmos DB database 
backup policy show
Show details of a particular policy.
lab custom-image delete
Delete custom image. This operation can take a while to complete.
network nic create
Create a network interface.
Create a network interface for a specified subnet on a specified virtual network.
Create a network interface for a specified subnet on a virtual network with network security group and application security groups.

network express-route list-service-providers
List available ExpressRoute service providers.
List available ExpressRoute service providers.
keyvault key recover
Recovers the deleted key back to its current version under /keys. Authorization: Requires the keys/recover permission.
network ddos-protection list
List DDoS protection plans.
vm open-port
Opens a VM to inbound traffic on specified ports.
Open all ports on a VM to inbound traffic.
Open all ports for all VMs in a resource group.
iot hub certificate create
Create/upload an Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Uploads a CA certificate PEM file to an IoT hub.
eventgrid topic key regenerate
Regenerate a shared access key of a topic.
network dns zone show
Get a DNS zone parameters. Does not show DNS records within the zone.
List DNS zones in a resource group.
sql server ad-admin update
Update an existing server Active Directory administrator.
storage container exists
Check for the existence of a storage container.
network application-gateway frontend-ip
Manage frontend IP addresses of an application gateway.
cognitiveservices account keys
Manage the keys of an Azure Cognitive Services account.
dms create
Create an instance of the Data Migration Service.
Create an instance of DMS.
sql db audit-policy update
Update a database's auditing policy.
Enable by storage account name.
Set the list of audit actions.
Remove an audit action by list index.
dla catalog external-data-source
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog external data sources.
monitor alert list-incidents
List all incidents for an alert rule.
monitor activity-log list
Provides the list of activity log.
monitor autoscale update
Update autoscale settings.
Update autoscale settings to use a fixed 3 instances by default.
eventhubs namespace list
Lists the Event Hubs Namespaces
List the Event Hubs Namespaces by resource group.
network vnet delete
Delete a virtual network.
Delete a virtual network.
account list-locations
List supported regions for the current subscription.
keyvault certificate recover
Recovers the deleted certificate back to its current version under /certificates.  The RecoverDeletedCertificate operation performs the reversal of the Delete operation. The operation is applicable in vaults enabled for soft-delete, and must be issued during the retention interval (available in the deleted certificate's attributes).
ad sp credential delete
delete a service principal's credential.
lab vm start
Start a virtual machine. This operation can take a while to complete.
lab environment create
Create an environment in a lab.
network vnet subnet create
Create a subnet and associate an existing NSG and route table.
Create new subnet attached to an NSG with a custom route table.
dls fs access
Manage Data Lake Store filesystem access and permissions.
keyvault certificate contact add
Add a contact to the specified vault to receive notifications of certificate operations. 
vm list-ip-addresses
List IP addresses associated with a VM.
Get the IP addresses for a VM.
ams streaming locator get-paths
List paths supported by a streaming locator.
resource lock show
Show the details of a resource-level lock
Show a resource level lock
storage container metadata
Manage container metadata.
network watcher
Manage the Azure Network Watcher.
monitor log-profiles list
List the log profiles.
redis update
Scale or update settings of a Redis cache.
storage queue policy list
List stored access policies on a containing object
ams streaming locator delete
Delete a Streaming Locator.  Deletes a Streaming Locator in the Media Services account.
network application-gateway http-listener
Manage HTTP listeners of an application gateway.
batch node file list
Lists all of the files in task directories on the specified compute node.
storage table policy show
Show a stored access policy on a containing object
cdn endpoint delete
Delete a CDN endpoint.
Delete a CDN endpoint.
lab environment delete
Delete an environment from a lab.
monitor autoscale show
Show autoscale setting details.
sf
Manage and administer Azure Service Fabric clusters.
network watcher connection-monitor list
List connection monitors for the given region.
List a connection monitor for the given region.
sql server tde-key show
Gets a server encryption protector.
mysql server firewall-rule create
Create a new firewall rule for a server.
Create a firewall rule allowing all connections from all IP addresses.
network dns zone list
List DNS zones.
List DNS zones in a resource group.
network vnet-gateway root-cert create
Upload a root certificate.
Add a Root Certificate to the list of certs allowed to connect to this Gateway.
ams job
Manage jobs for a transform.
network vnet subnet show
Show details of a subnet.
Show the details of a subnet associated with a virtual network.
group
Manage resource groups and template deployments.
monitor
Manage the Azure Monitor Service.
provider operation list
Get operations from all providers.
webapp deployment source config
Manage deployment from git or Mercurial repositories.
iot hub consumer-group
(PREVIEW) Manage the event hub consumer groups of an IoT hub.
monitor autoscale profile
Manage autoscaling profiles.
dla job submit
Submit a job to a Data Lake Analytics account.
network dns record-set ns add-record
Add an NS record.
Add an NS record.
policy
Manage resource policies.
network route-table delete
Delete a route table.
Delete a route table.
network application-gateway auth-cert update
Update an authorization certificate.
Update authorization certificates to use a new cert file.
acs kubernetes browse
Launch a proxy and browse the Kubernetes web UI.
network nic list-effective-nsg
List all effective network security groups applied to a network interface.
List the effective security groups associated with a NIC.
ams account sp reset-credentials
Generate a new client secret for a service principal configured for an Azure Media Services account.
monitor diagnostic-settings delete
Deletes existing diagnostic settings for the specified resource.
monitor alert create
Create a metric-based alert rule.
Create a high CPU usage alert on a VM with no actions.
network lb probe show
Get the details of a probe.
Get the details of a probe.
postgres server georestore
Georestore a server from backup.
Georestore 'testsvr' as 'testsvrnew' where 'testsvrnew' is in same resource group as 'testsvr'.
storage table delete
Deletes the specified table and any data it contains.  When a table is successfully deleted, it is immediately marked for deletion  and is no longer accessible to clients. The table is later removed from  the Table service during garbage collection.  Note that deleting a table is likely to take at least 40 seconds to complete.  If an operation is attempted against the table while it was being deleted,  an :class:`AzureConflictHttpError` will be thrown.
monitor log-profiles show
Gets the log profile.
sql db show-connection-string
Generates a connection string to a database.
Generate connection string for ado.net
keyvault key list-versions
Retrieves a list of individual key versions with the same key name.  The full key identifier, attributes, and tags are provided in the response.
network application-gateway ssl-policy predefined
Get information on predefined SSL policies.
batch node user
Manage the user accounts of a Batch compute node.
dla catalog table-partition list
Retrieves the list of table partitions from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
ad group get-member-groups
Gets a collection of object IDs of groups of which the specified group is a member.
storage cors add
Add a CORS rule to a storage account.
keyvault secret list-versions
List the versions of the specified secret.  The LIST VERSIONS operation can be applied to all versions having the same secret name in the same key vault. The full secret identifier and attributes are provided in the response. No values are returned for the secrets and only current versions of a secret are listed.
iot dps certificate generate-verification-code
Generate a verification code for an Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Generate a verification code for MyCertificate
provider unregister
Unregister a provider.
sql elastic-pool list
Gets all elastic pools in a server.
keyvault certificate set-attributes
Updates the specified attributes associated with the given certificate.  The UpdateCertificate operation applies the specified update on the given certificate; note the only elements being updated are the certificate's attributes.
network dns record-set mx add-record
Add an MX record.
Add an MX record.
vm list-skus
Get details for compute-related resource SKUs.
List all SKUs in the West US region.
network application-gateway frontend-ip delete
Delete a frontend IP address.
Delete a frontend IP address.
network nic ip-config
Manage IP configurations of a network interface.
batchai file-server
Commands to manage file servers.
disk create
Create a managed disk.
Create a managed disk by importing from a blob uri.
Create a managed disk by copying an existing disk or snapshot.
network vpn-connection ipsec-policy list
List IPSec policies associated with a VPN connection.
List the IPsec policies set on a connection.
network dns zone create
Create a DNS zone.
Create a DNS zone using a fully qualified domain name.
network dns record-set cname remove-record
Remove a CNAME record from its record set.
Remove a CNAME record from its record set.
container
Manage Azure Container Instances.
mysql db delete
Delete a database.
Delete database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr'.
batch task file
Manage Batch task files.
network traffic-manager endpoint delete
Delete a traffic manager endpoint.
Delete a traffic manager endpoint.
mysql db create
Create a MySQL database.
Create database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr' with the default parameters.
network vnet-gateway update
Update a virtual network gateway.
Change the SKU of a virtual network gateway.
acr webhook get-config
Get the service URI and custom headers for the webhook.
Get the configuration information for a webhook.
webapp deployment list-publishing-profiles
Get the details for available web app deployment profiles.
group lock delete
Delete a resource group lock.
Delete a resource group lock
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group update
Updates the EventHub ConsumerGroup
Updates a ConsumerGroup.
vm diagnostics
Configure the Azure Virtual Machine diagnostics extension.
network express-route list-route-tables
Show the current routing table of an ExpressRoute circuit peering.
Show the current routing table of an ExpressRoute circuit peering.
storage file copy cancel
 Aborts a pending copy_file operation, and leaves a destination file  with zero length and full metadata.
vmss update
Update a VMSS.
dla account
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics accounts.
dla catalog view
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog views.
network express-route auth create
Create a new link authorization for an ExpressRoute circuit.
Create a new link authorization for an ExpressRoute circuit.
sf cluster node-type
Manage the node-type of a cluster.
account lock
Manage Azure subscription level locks.
network lb inbound-nat-rule
Manage inbound NAT rules of a load balancer.
batch task
Manage Batch tasks.
functionapp identity
(PREVIEW) manage functionapp's managed service identity
iot hub consumer-group list
List event hub consumer groups.
backup container show
Show details of a container registered to a Recovery services vault.
provider show
Gets the specified resource provider.
batch task file list
Lists the files in a task's directory on its compute node.
ams account storage
Manage secondary storage for an Azure Media Services account.
backup recoverypoint list
List all recovery points of a backed up item.
network traffic-manager profile check-dns
Check the availability of a relative DNS name.
Check the availability of 'mywebapp.trafficmanager.net' in Azure.
acr webhook list
List all of the webhooks for a container registry.
List webhooks and show the results in a table.
webapp traffic-routing set
Configure routing traffic to deployment slots.
monitor autoscale rule copy
Copy autoscale rules from one profile to another.
sf cluster list
List cluster resources.
policy set-definition
Manage resource policy set definitions.
eventhubs namespace create
Creates the Event Hubs Namespace
Creates a new namespace.
redis patch-schedule
Manage Redis patch schedules.
batchai experiment
Commands to manage experiments.
webapp auth update
Update the authentication settings for the webapp.
Enable AAD by enabling authentication and setting AAD-associated parameters. Default provider is set to AAD. Must have created a AAD service principal beforehand.
sql db import
Imports a bacpac into an existing database.
Get an SAS key for use in import operation.
Import bacpac into an existing database using a storage account key.
cosmosdb
Manage Azure Cosmos DB database accounts.
eventgrid topic-type list
List registered topic types.
cosmosdb database delete
Deletes an Azure Cosmos DB database 
container create
Create a container group.
Create a container in a container group with 1 core and 1Gb of memory.
Create a container in a container group with public IP address and ports.
Create a container in a container group that invokes a script upon start.
Create a container in a container group with environment variables.
Create a container in a container group using container image from another private container image registry.
Create a container in a container group that mounts a git repo as volume.
account management-group subscription add
Add a subscription to a management group.
Add a subscription to a management group.
batch node delete
Removes compute nodes from the specified pool.  This operation can only run when the allocation state of the pool is steady. When this operation runs, the allocation state changes from steady to resizing.
sql db export
Export a database to a bacpac.
Get an SAS key for use in export operation.
Export bacpac using a storage account key.
servicebus topic update
Updates the Service Bus Topic
Updates existing Service Bus Topic.
lab artifact-source list
List artifact sources in a given lab.
sql elastic-pool delete
Deletes an elastic pool.
storage container
Manage blob storage containers.
network traffic-manager profile list
List traffic manager profiles.
List traffic manager profiles.
monitor autoscale profile delete
Delete an autoscale profile.
monitor diagnostic-settings categories show
Gets the diagnostic settings category for the specified resource.
provider list
sql server vnet-rule
Manage a server's virtual network rules.
eventgrid event-subscription create
Create a new event subscription for an Event Grid topic or for an Azure resource.
Create a new event subscription for an Event Grid topic, using default filters.
Create a new event subscription for a resource group, using default filters.
Create a new event subscription for a subscription, with a filter specifying a subject prefix.
Create a new event subscription for a subscription, using default filters, and an EventHub as a destination.
account lock update
Update a subscription lock.
Update a subscription lock with new notes and type
acr webhook ping
Trigger a ping event for a webhook.
Trigger a ping event for a webhook.
network watcher show-security-group-view
Get detailed security information on a VM for the currently configured network security group.
Get the network security group information for the specified VM.
sf cluster client-certificate
Manage the client certificate of a cluster.
network application-gateway http-settings create
Create HTTP settings.
Create HTTP settings.
network vnet-gateway list-bgp-peer-status
Retrieve the status of BGP peers.
Retrieve the status of a BGP peer.
network application-gateway frontend-port delete
Delete a frontend port.
Delete a frontend port.
sql db replica list-links
List the replicas of a database and their replication status.
monitor autoscale-settings delete
Deletes and autoscale setting.
functionapp deployment source config-local-git
Get a URL for a git repository endpoint to clone and push to for function app deployment.
Get an endpoint and add it as a git remote.
acr replication
Manage replications of Azure Container Registries across multiple regions.
dla catalog credential update
Update a catalog credential for use with an external data source.
network application-gateway ssl-policy set
Update or clear SSL policy settings.
Set a predefined SSL policy.
network dns record-set srv remove-record
Remove an SRV record from its record set.
Remove an SRV record from its record set.
batchai cluster node list
List remote login information for cluster's nodes.
List remote login information for a cluster.
consumption reservation detail list
List the details of a reservation by order id or reservation id.
eventgrid topic-type
Get details for topic types.
storage queue policy create
Create a stored access policy on the containing object
eventgrid event-subscription delete
Delete an event subscription.
Delete an event subscription for an Event Grid topic.
Delete an event subscription for a resource group.
dls account update
Updates a Data Lake Store account.
storage blob lease
Manage storage blob leases.
keyvault secret list
List secrets in a specified key vault.  The LIST operation is applicable to the entire vault, however only the base secret identifier and attributes are provided in the response. Individual secret versions are not listed in the response.
cosmosdb check-name-exists
Checks if an Azure Cosmos DB account name exists.
group lock create
Create a resource group lock.
Create a read-only resource group level lock.
eventgrid topic key
Manage shared access keys of a topic.
network express-route auth delete
Delete a link authorization of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Delete a link authorization of an ExpressRoute circuit.
appservice
Manage App Service plans.
network lb probe list
List probes.
List probes.
keyvault certificate contact
Manage contacts for certificate management.
sql server
Manage SQL servers.
resource show
Get the details of a resource.
Show a virtual machine resource named 'MyVm'.
Show a subnet.
Show an application gateway path rule.
acr credential show
Get the login credentials for a container registry.
Get the login credentials for a container registry.
Get a password used to log in to a container registry.
cloud list
List registered clouds.
policy definition show
get a policy definition.
mysql server configuration show
Get the configuration for a server."
functionapp deployment source sync
Synchronize from the repository. Only needed under manual integration mode.
backup policy list-associated-items
List all items protected by a backup policy.
servicebus namespace update
Updates a Service Bus Namespace
Updates a Service Bus Namespace.
storage entity replace
Updates an existing entity in a table. Throws if the entity does not exist.  The update_entity operation replaces the entire entity and can be used to  remove properties.
redis list-keys
Retrieve a Redis cache's access keys. This operation requires write permission to the cache resource.
sql server tde-key
Manage a server's encryption protector.
network application-gateway auth-cert delete
Delete an authorization certificate.
Delete an authorization certificate.
cdn custom-domain list
Lists all of the existing custom domains within an endpoint.
monitor activity-log alert create
Create a default activity log alert
Create an alert with default settings.
Create an alert with an action group and specify webhook properties.
sf cluster durability
Manage the durability of a cluster.
keyvault key restore
Restores a backed up key to a vault.  Imports a previously backed up key into Azure Key Vault, restoring the key, its key identifier, attributes and access control policies. The RESTORE operation may be used to import a previously backed up key. Individual versions of a key cannot be restored. The key is restored in its entirety with the same key name as it had when it was backed up. If the key name is not available in the target Key Vault, the RESTORE operation will be rejected. While the key name is retained during restore, the final key identifier will change if the key is restored to a different vault. Restore will restore all versions and preserve version identifiers. The RESTORE operation is subject to security constraints: The target Key Vault must be owned by the same Microsoft Azure Subscription as the source Key Vault The user must have RESTORE permission in the target Key Vault.
mysql server show
Get the details of a server.
extension remove
Remove an extension.
network vnet show
Get the details of a virtual network.
Get details for MyVNet.
functionapp config hostname get-external-ip
Get the external-facing IP address for a function app.
network dns record-set caa update
Update a CAA record set.
Update a CAA record set.
servicebus queue update
Updates existing Service Bus Queue
Updates Service Bus Queue.
network lb rule show
Get the details of a load balancing rule.
Get the details of a load balancing rule.
lab artifact-source show
Get artifact source.
webapp auth
Manage webapp authentication and authorization
dla job recurrence
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics job recurrences.
mysql server configuration set
Update the configuration of a server.
Set a new configuration value.
batchai job file list
List job's output files in a directory with given id.
List files in the standard output directory of the job.
List files in a folder 'MyFolder/MySubfolder' of an output directory with id 'MODELS'.
functionapp identity assign
(PREVIEW) assign managed service identity to the functionapp
assign local identity and assign a reader role to the current resource group.
lab custom-image show
Get custom image.
resource
Manage Azure resources.
sql db list-deleted
Gets a list of deleted databases that can be restored.
ad sp create
Create a service principal.
network asg delete
Delete an application security group.
Delete an application security group.
consumption marketplace list
List the marketplace for an Azure subscription within a billing period.
vm convert
Convert a VM with unmanaged disks to use managed disks.
Convert a VM with unmanaged disks to use managed disks.
webapp deployment source
Manage web app deployment via source control.
network lb address-pool
Manage address pools of a load balancer.
dls account firewall create
Creates a firewall rule in a Data Lake Store account.
storage container generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the container. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of any BlobService.
acs list-locations
List locations where Azure Container Service is in preview and in production.
dms project task list
List the Tasks within a Project. Some tasks may have a status of Unknown, which indicates that an error occurred while querying the status of that task.
List all Tasks within a Project.
account management-group create
Create a new management group.
Create a new management group.
Create a new management group with a specific parent.
account management-group subscription
Subscription operations for Management Groups.
network watcher flow-log show
Get the flow log configuration of a network security group.
Show NSG flow logs.
consumption usage
Inspect the usage of Azure resources.
ad group member remove
Remove a member from a group.
billing invoice show
Retrieve invoice of specific name of the subscription
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule delete
Deletes the Authorizationrule of the namespace.
Deletes the Authorizationrule of the namespace.
iot dps access-policy update
Update a shared access policy in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Update access policy 'MyPolicy' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service with EnrollmentWrite right
maps account list
Show all maps accounts in a subscription or in a resource group.
managedapp delete
Delete a managed application.
redis export
Export data stored in a Redis cache.
network traffic-manager endpoint update
Update a traffic manager endpoint.
Update a traffic manager endpoint to change its weight.
vm nic
Manage network interfaces. See also `az network nic`.
batchai job node exec
Executes a command line on a cluster's node used to execute the job with optional ports forwarding.
Report a GPU state for a job's node.
Forward local 9000 to port 9001 on the given node.
servicebus topic authorization-rule delete
Deletes the Authorization Rule of the given Service Bus Topic.
Deletes the Authorization Rule of Service Bus Topic.
network application-gateway url-path-map rule
Manage the rules of a URL path map.
batch job-schedule
Manage Batch job schedules.
vm run-command invoke
run command on a vm
install nginx on a vm
batch pool os upgrade
Upgrades the operating system of the specified pool.  During an upgrade, the Batch service upgrades each compute node in the pool. When a compute node is chosen for upgrade, any tasks running on that node are removed from the node and returned to the queue to be rerun later (or on a different compute node). The node will be unavailable until the upgrade is complete. This operation results in temporarily reduced pool capacity as nodes are taken out of service to be upgraded. Although the Batch service tries to avoid upgrading all compute nodes at the same time, it does not guarantee to do this (particularly on small pools); therefore, the pool may be temporarily unavailable to run tasks. When this operation runs, the pool state changes to upgrading. When all compute nodes have finished upgrading, the pool state returns to active. While the upgrade is in progress, the pool's currentOSVersion reflects the OS version that nodes are upgrading from, and targetOSVersion reflects the OS version that nodes are upgrading to. Once the upgrade is complete, currentOSVersion is updated to reflect the OS version now running on all nodes. This operation can only be invoked on pools created with the cloudServiceConfiguration property.
snapshot list
List snapshots.
reservations reservation-order
Manage reservation order, which is container for reservations
acs wait
Wait for a container service to reach a desired state.
network application-gateway http-settings show
Get the details of a gateway's HTTP settings.
Get the details of a gateway's HTTP settings.
account management-group subscription remove
Remove an existing subscription from a management group.
Remove an existing subscription from a management group.
storage container show
Returns all user-defined metadata and system properties for the specified container. The data returned does not include the container's list of blobs.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule list
Shows the list of Authorizationrule by Namespace
Shows the list of Authorizationrule by Namespace
keyvault certificate get-default-policy
Get the default policy for self-signed certificates.
Create a self-signed certificate with the default policy
consumption reservation summary list
List reservation summaries for daily or monthly by order Id or reservation id.
dla account blob-storage add
Links an Azure Storage account to the specified Data Lake Analytics account.
network watcher connection-monitor start
Start the specified connection monitor.
Start the specified connection monitor.
storage entity query
List entities which satisfy a query.
dms project delete
Delete a Project.
cdn custom-domain
Manage Azure CDN Custom Domains to provide custom host names for endpoints.
batchai file-server create
Create a file server.
Create a NFS file server using a configuration file.
vm user update
Update a user account.
Update a Windows user account.
Update a user on all VMs in a resource group.
storage share policy delete
Delete a stored access policy on a containing object 
batchai cluster file list
List files generated by the cluster's node setup task.
List names and sizes of files and directories inside of $AZ_BATCHAI_STDOUTERR_DIR.
List names, sizes and download URLs for files and directories inside of $AZ_BATCHAI_STDOUTERR_DIR/folder/subfolder.
vm user reset-ssh
Reset the SSH configuration on a VM.
Reset the SSH configuration.
sql midb
Manage SQL managed instance databases.
ams job cancel
Cancel a job.
network route-filter create
Create a route filter.
Create a route filter.
storage directory metadata
Manage file storage directory metadata.
sql midb create
Create a managed database.
Create a managed database with specified collation
network application-gateway show-backend-health
Get information on the backend health of an application gateway.
Show backend health of an application gateway.
functionapp deployment source
Manage function app deployment via source control.
network route-filter delete
Delete a route filter.
Delete a route filter.
dls fs access remove-all
Remove the access control list for a file or folder.
functionapp config appsettings set
Update a function app's settings.
network dns record-set caa remove-record
Remove a CAA record from its record set.
Remove a CAA record from its record set.
cosmosdb list-read-only-keys
List the read-only access keys for a Azure Cosmos DB database account.
ad app show
Get the details of an application.
sf cluster upgrade-type
Manage the upgrade type of a cluster.
keyvault certificate purge
Permanently deletes the specified deleted certificate.  The PurgeDeletedCertificate operation performs an irreversible deletion of the specified certificate, without possibility for recovery. The operation is not available if the recovery level does not specify 'Purgeable'. Requires the explicit granting of the 'purge' permission.
sql elastic-pool show
Gets an elastic pool.
resource lock create
Create a resource-level lock.
Create a read-only resource level lock on a vnet.
acs scale
Change the private agent count of a container service.
storage file metadata show
Returns all user-defined metadata for the specified file.
vmss encryption disable
Disable the encryption on a VMSS with managed disks.
disable encryption a VMSS
feature list
List preview features.
cosmosdb collection show
Shows an Azure Cosmos DB collection and its offer 
network nic ip-config address-pool
Manage address pools in an IP configuration.
eventgrid topic-type list-event-types
List the event types supported by a topic type.
role assignment list
List role assignments.
cognitiveservices account show
Get the details of an Azure Cognitive Services account.
vmss nic list
Gets all network interfaces in a virtual machine scale set.
network nsg create
Create a network security group.
Create an NSG in a resource group within a region with tags.
batch pool all-statistics show
Get lifetime summary statistics for all of the pools in a Batch account.
vm disk
Manage the managed data disks attached to a VM.
iot dps certificate
Manage Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificates.
storage metrics
Manage storage service metrics.
role definition
Manage role definitions.
webapp config container set
Set a web app container's settings.
storage table
Manage NoSQL key-value storage.
network dns record-set cname
Manage DNS CNAME records.
storage account keys
Manage storage account keys.
mysql server configuration
Manage configuration values for a server.
vm delete
Delete a VM.
Delete a VM without a prompt for confirmation.
network ddos-protection create
Create a DDoS protection plan.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule keys list
Shows the connection strings for namespace
Shows the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
acs kubernetes
Commands to manage a Kubernetes-orchestrated Azure Container Service.
resource link show
Get details for a resource link.
ams transform output remove
Remove an output from an existing transform.
network dns record-set soa show
Get the details of an SOA record.
Get the details of an SOA record.
storage container policy
Manage container stored access policies.
batch pool usage-metrics list
Lists the usage metrics, aggregated by pool across individual time intervals, for the specified account.  If you do not specify a $filter clause including a poolId, the response includes all pools that existed in the account in the time range of the returned aggregation intervals. If you do not specify a $filter clause including a startTime or endTime these filters default to the start and end times of the last aggregation interval currently available; that is, only the last aggregation interval is returned.
postgres server create
Create a server.
Create a PostgreSQL server with only required paramaters in North Europe.
Create a PostgreSQL server with all paramaters set.
batch node scheduling
Manage task scheduling for a Batch compute node.
servicebus topic authorization-rule list
shows list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Topic
shows list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Topic
batch job
Manage Batch jobs.
ams asset show
Show the details of an asset.
vmss nic show
Get the specified network interface in a virtual machine scale set.
keyvault create
Create a key vault.
keyvault certificate issuer admin list
List admins for a specified certificate issuer. 
batch account create
Create a Batch account with the specified parameters.
group deployment show
Gets a deployment.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule update
Updates Authorizationrule for the given Namespace
Updates Authorizationrule
batch certificate create
Add a certificate to a Batch account.
cdn endpoint validate-custom-domain
Validates the custom domain mapping to ensure it maps to the correct CDN endpoint in DNS.
functionapp create
Create a function app.
Create a basic function app.
cdn profile list
List CDN profiles.
List CDN profiles in a resource group.
monitor action-group create
Create a new action group
ams account delete
Delete an Azure Media Services account.
role assignment delete
Delete role assignments.
storage queue delete
Deletes the specified queue and any messages it contains.  When a queue is successfully deleted, it is immediately marked for deletion  and is no longer accessible to clients. The queue is later removed from  the Queue service during garbage collection.  Note that deleting a queue is likely to take at least 40 seconds to complete.  If an operation is attempted against the queue while it was being deleted,  an :class:`AzureConflictHttpError` will be thrown.
cdn profile usage
Checks the quota and actual usage of endpoints under the given CDN profile.
storage logging show
Show logging settings for a storage account.
network application-gateway rule show
Get the details of a rule.
Get the details of a rule.
iot dps certificate delete
Delete an Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Delete MyCertificate in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
backup protection disable
Stop protecting a backed up Azure VM.
mysql server georestore
Georestore a server from backup.
Georestore 'testsvr' as 'testsvrnew' where 'testsvrnew' is in same resource group as 'testsvr'.
vmss perform-maintenance
Perform maintenance on one or more virtual machines in a VM scale set.
iot hub update
Update metadata for an IoT hub.
Add a firewall filter rule to accept traffic from the IP mask 127.0.0.0/31.
dla catalog tvf show
Retrieves the specified table valued function from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
ad sp show
Get the details of a service principal.
iot dps certificate create
Create/upload an Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Upload a CA certificate PEM file to an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
dla account compute-policy show
Retrieve a compute policy in a Data Lake Analytics account.
storage container delete
Marks the specified container for deletion. The container and any blobs contained within it are later deleted during garbage collection.
dla job cancel
Cancel a Data Lake Analytics job.
batch account login
Log in to a Batch account through Azure Active Directory or Shared Key authentication.
sql db threat-policy update
Update a database's threat detection policy.
Enable by storage account name.
Disable a subset of alert types.
Disable a threat policy.
acr list
Lists all the container registries under the current subscription.
List container registries and show the results in a table.
storage directory metadata update
Sets one or more user-defined name-value pairs for the specified directory. Each call to this operation replaces all existing metadata attached to the directory. To remove all metadata from the directory, call this operation with no metadata dict.
monitor action-group list
List action groups under a resource group or the current subscription
mysql server list
List available servers.
List all MySQL servers in a subscription.
sql dw show
Get the details for a data warehouse.
sf cluster node
Manage the node instance of a cluster.
functionapp deployment source config
Manage deployment from git or Mercurial repositories.
monitor diagnostic-settings create
Create diagnostic settings for the specified resource.
dls account create
Creates a Data Lake Store account.
network nic show-effective-route-table
Show the effective route table applied to a network interface.
Show the effective routes applied to a network interface.
ad user
Manage Azure Active Directory users and user authentication.
network application-gateway url-path-map list
List URL path maps.
List URL path maps.
ad app list
List applications.
network dns record-set txt
Manage DNS TXT records.
webapp config backup show
Show the backup schedule for a web app.
storage file url
Creates the url to access a file.
monitor log-profiles delete
Deletes the log profile.
batch job-schedule create
Add a Batch job schedule to an account.
iot dps access-policy delete
Delete a shared access policies in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Delete shared access policy 'MyPolicy' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
batchai workspace list
List workspaces.
List all workspaces under the current subscription.
webapp browse
Open a web app in a browser.
dla job recurrence list
List job recurrences in a Data Lake Analytics account.
servicebus queue authorization-rule keys list
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Queue
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Queue
acs browse
Show the dashboard for a service container's orchestrator in a web browser.
ams
Manage Azure Media Services resources.
vm image
Information on available virtual machine images.
servicebus topic subscription rule show
Shows ServiceBus Rule Details
Shows the ServiceBus Rule details.
batch application summary
View a summary of Batch application packages.
vm encryption enable
Enable disk encryption on the OS disk and/or data disks.
keyvault certificate issuer admin add
Add admin details for a specified certificate issuer. 
cdn endpoint purge
Purge pre-loaded content for a CDN endpoint.
Purge pre-loaded Javascript and CSS content.
storage table exists
Returns a boolean indicating whether the table exists.
iot dps certificate verify
Verify an Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Verify ownership of the MyCertificate private key.
backup container list
List containers registered to a Recovery services vault.
network vpn-connection ipsec-policy add
Add a VPN connection IPSec policy.
Add specified IPsec policies to a connection instead of relying on defaults.
network nsg update
Update a network security group.
Remove a tag of an NSG.
dla catalog schema
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog schemas.
ad group show
Gets group information from the directory.
network dns record-set mx list
List all MX record sets in a zone.
List all MX record sets in a zone.
iot dps
Manage Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service.
storage blob exists
Check for the existence of a blob in a container.
functionapp config ssl
Configure SSL certificates.
network application-gateway auth-cert
Manage authorization certificates of an application gateway.
vm diagnostics get-default-config
Get the default configuration settings for a VM.
Get the default diagnostics for a Linux VM and override the storage account name and the VM resource ID.
servicebus queue show
shows the Service Bus Queue Details
Shows the Service Bus Queue Details
network watcher packet-capture show-status
Show the status of a packet capture session.
Show the status of a packet capture session.
network application-gateway frontend-port update
Update a frontend port.
Update a frontend port to use a different port.
network dns record-set aaaa delete
Delete an AAAA record set and all associated records.
Delete an AAAA record set and all associated records.
redis
Access to a secure, dedicated Redis cache for your Azure applications.
network nic ip-config inbound-nat-rule add
Add an inbound NAT rule to an IP configuration.
Add an inbound NAT rule to an IP configuration.
vm secret format
Transform secrets into a form that can be used by VMs and VMSSes.
Create a self-signed certificate with the default policy, and add it to a virtual machine.
provider
Manage resource providers.
network route-filter rule list
List rules in a route filter.
List rules in a route filter.
webapp config container
Manage web app container settings.
iot hub consumer-group delete
Delete an event hub consumer group.
storage share list
List the file shares in a storage account.
image list
List custom VM images.
appservice list-locations
List regions where a plan sku is available.
servicebus topic show
Shows the Service Bus Topic Details
Shows the Topic details.
network dns record-set a remove-record
Remove an A record from its record set.
Remove an A record from its record set.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Event Hubs Authorizationrule connection strings for Namespace
sql db replica
Manage replication between databases.
dla catalog assembly show
Retrieves the specified assembly from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
storage blob lease change
Changes the lease ID of an active lease. A change must include the current lease ID and a new lease ID.
network nsg delete
Delete a network security group.
Delete an NSG in a resource group.
batchai workspace delete
Delete a workspace.
Delete a workspace.
disk revoke-access
Revoke a resource's read access to a managed disk.
monitor autoscale list
Lists the autoscale settings for a resource group.
disk update
Update a managed disk.
keyvault key set-attributes
The update key operation changes specified attributes of a stored key and can be applied to any key type and key version stored in Azure Key Vault.  In order to perform this operation, the key must already exist in the Key Vault. Note: The cryptographic material of a key itself cannot be changed.
cosmosdb collection list
Lists all Azure Cosmos DB collections 
acs
Manage Azure Container Services.
network application-gateway redirect-config show
Get the details of a redirect configuration.
Get the details of a redirect configuration.
network application-gateway ssl-cert create
Upload an SSL certificate.
Upload an SSL certificate.
storage blob lease release
Releases the lease. The lease may be released if the lease ID specified on the request matches that associated with the blob. Releasing the lease allows another client to immediately acquire the lease for the blob as soon as the release is complete.
backup
Commands to manage Azure Backups.
eventhubs georecovery-alias delete
Delete Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias
Delete Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias
batch node service-logs
Manage the service log files of a Batch compute node.
sql db audit-policy show
Gets a database's blob auditing policy.
image
Manage custom virtual machine images.
sql
Manage Azure SQL Databases and Data Warehouses.
aks get-upgrades
Get the upgrade versions available for a managed Kubernetes cluster.
storage share policy list
List stored access policies on a containing object
network nic ip-config inbound-nat-rule remove
Remove an inbound NAT rule of an IP configuration.
Remove an inbound NAT rule of an IP configuration.
eventhubs georecovery-alias authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Event Hubs Authorizationrule connection strings for Geo Recovery configuration Alias
servicebus topic authorization-rule keys list
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Topic.
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Topic.
network application-gateway frontend-ip create
Create a frontend IP address.
Create a frontend IP address.
vm image list-skus
List the VM image SKUs available in the Azure Marketplace.
List all skus available for CentOS published by OpenLogic in the West US region.
lab environment show
Get the details for an environment of a lab.
webapp deployment source delete
Delete a source control deployment configuration.
disk grant-access
Grant a resource read access to a managed disk.
identity show
Gets the identity.
vmss list-instances
Gets a list of all virtual machines in a VM scale sets.
billing period
Get billing periods for a subscription.
acr build-task delete
Delete a build task from a container registry.
Delete a build task from a container registry.
dls fs
(PREVIEW) Manage a Data Lake Store filesystem.
monitor diagnostic-settings categories list
Lists the diagnostic settings categories for the specified resource.
storage share generate-sas
Generates a shared access signature for the share. Use the returned signature with the sas_token parameter of FileService.
webapp config hostname delete
Unbind a hostname from a web app.
vm identity remove
(PREVIEW) Remove user assigned identities from a VM.
Remove 2 identities which are in the same resource group with the VM
network public-ip update
Update a public IP address.
Update a public IP resource with a DNS name label and static allocation.
dms list-skus
List the SKUs that are supported by the Data Migration Service.
cdn profile
Manage CDN profiles to define an edge network.
dla account blob-storage update
Updates an Azure Storage account linked to the specified Data Lake Analytics account.
network vnet peering list
List peerings.
List all peerings of a specified virtual network.
batch account
Manage Azure Batch accounts.
network traffic-manager endpoint create
Create a traffic manager endpoint.
Create an endpoint for a performance profile to point to an Azure Web App endpoint.
ad
Manage Azure Active Directory Graph entities needed for Role Based Access Control
network application-gateway http-listener delete
Delete an HTTP listener.
Delete an HTTP listener.
webapp config ssl bind
Bind an SSL certificate to a web app.
dls fs test
Test for the existence of a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
network application-gateway rule create
Create a rule.
Create a basic rule.
vm image show
Get the details for a VM image available in the Azure Marketplace.
Show information for the latest available CentOS image from OpenLogic.
network dns record-set txt update
Update a TXT record set.
Update a TXT record set.
container exec
Execute a command from within a running container of a container group.
Stream a shell from within an nginx container.
eventhubs eventhub show
shows the Eventhub Details
Shows the Eventhub details.
dls fs append
Append content to a file in a Data Lake Store account.
batch pool autoscale disable
Disables automatic scaling for a pool.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Namespace Authorization Rule
webapp config backup create
Create a backup of a web app.
sql db tde show
Gets a database's transparent data encryption configuration.
storage
Manage Azure Cloud Storage resources.
provider operation show
Get an individual provider's operations.
vm boot-diagnostics get-boot-log
Get the boot diagnostics log from a VM.
Get diagnostics logs for all VMs in a resource group.
batch node service-logs upload
Upload Azure Batch service log files from the specified compute node to Azure Blob Storage.  This is for gathering Azure Batch service log files in an automated fashion from nodes if you are experiencing an error and wish to escalate to Azure support. The Azure Batch service log files should be shared with Azure support to aid in debugging issues with the Batch service.
eventhubs eventhub list
List the EventHub by Namepsace
Get the Eventhubs by Namespace.
vm extension show
Display information about extensions attached to a VM.
Use VM name and extension name to show the extensions attached to a VM.
batch task create
Create Batch tasks.
dls fs move
Move a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
vm unmanaged-disk
Manage the unmanaged data disks attached to a VM.
postgres server update
Update a server.
Update a server's sku.
container list
List container groups.
batch job-schedule disable
Disables a job schedule.  No new jobs will be created until the job schedule is enabled again.
vm resize
Update a VM's size.
Resize a VM.
network dns record-set ptr add-record
Add a PTR record.
Add a PTR record.
batchai job create
Create a job.
Create a job to run on a cluster in the same resource group.
vmss delete
Deletes a VM scale set.
mysql server firewall-rule delete
Delete a firewall rule.
storage blob incremental-copy start
Copies an incremental copy of a blob asynchronously. This operation returns a copy operation properties object, including a copy ID you can use to check or abort the copy operation. The Blob service copies blobs on a best-effort basis.  The source blob for an incremental copy operation must be a page blob. Call get_blob_properties on the destination blob to check the status of the copy operation. The final blob will be committed when the copy completes.
network route-table list
List route tables.
List all route tables in a subscription.
network application-gateway http-listener show
Get the details of an HTTP listener.
Get the details of an HTTP listener.
cosmosdb show
Get the details of an Azure Cosmos DB database account.
acr webhook list-events
List recent events for a webhook.
List recent events for a webhook.
sql dw resume
Resumes a datawarehouse.
webapp config hostname list
List all hostname bindings for a web app.
eventhubs namespace show
shows the Event Hubs Namespace Details
shows the Namespace details.
servicebus topic authorization-rule show
Shows the details of Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
Shows the details of Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
network application-gateway waf-config show
Get the firewall configuration of a web application.
Get the firewall configuration of a web application.
vmss diagnostics get-default-config
Show the default config file which defines data to be collected.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule keys renew
Regenerate the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
Regenerate the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
consumption budget list
List budgets for an Azure subscription.
backup vault backup-properties set
Sets backup related properties of the Recovery Services vault.
vm get-instance-view
Get instance information about a VM.
Use a resource group and name to get instance view information of a VM.
batch node file download
Download the content of the a node file.
dls fs download
Download a file or folder from a Data Lake Store account to the local machine.
aks scale
Scale the node pool in a managed Kubernetes cluster.
backup item show
Show details of a particular backed up item.
redis list
List Redis caches.
consumption reservation summary
List reservation summaries.
lab vnet
Manage virtual networks of an Azure DevTest Lab.
servicebus topic subscription rule list
List the ServiceBus Rule by Subscription
Shows the Rule ServiceBus by Subscription.
network application-gateway show
Get the details of an application gateway.
Get the details of an application gateway.
redis patch-schedule delete
Deletes the patching schedule of a redis cache (requires Premium SKU).
dla catalog table-partition show
Retrieves the specified table partition from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
group deployment validate
Validate whether a template is syntactically correct.
network nsg rule show
Get the details of a network security group rule.
Get the details of a network security group rule.
webapp restart
Restart a web app.
disk
Manage Azure Managed Disks.
sql midb show
Get the details for a managed database.
Get the details for a managed database
dls fs delete
Delete a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
ams transform create
Create a transform.
dls account trusted-provider
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Store account trusted identity providers.
policy event
Manage policy events.
maps account
Manage Azure Maps accounts.
group lock
Manage Azure resource group locks.
backup vault backup-properties show
Gets backup related properties of the Recovery Services vault.
dla catalog database show
Retrieves the specified database from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
reservations reservation-order show
Get a specific reservation order.
network vpn-connection shared-key show
Retrieve a VPN connection shared key.
View the shared key of a connection.
acr login
Log in to a container registry through the Docker CLI.
Log in to a container registry
ams account update
Update the details of an Azure Media Services account.
network application-gateway auth-cert list
List authorization certificates.
List authorization certificates.
batchai cluster node
Commands to work with cluster nodes.
sql db op
Manage operations on a database.
network dns record-set caa delete
Delete a CAA record set and all associated records.
Delete a CAA record set and all associated records.
keyvault recover
Recover a key vault.
servicebus georecovery-alias break-pair
Disables Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias and stops replicating changes from primary to secondary namespaces
Disables the Disaster Recovery and stops replicating changes from primary to secondary namespaces
group export
Captures a resource group as a template.
webapp deployment user set
Update deployment credentials.
Set FTP and git deployment credentials for all apps.
network dns zone export
Export a DNS zone as a DNS zone file.
Export a DNS zone as a DNS zone file in tsv format.
monitor diagnostic-settings
Manage service diagnostic settings.
sql midb restore
Restore a managed database.
Restore a managed database using Point in time restore
vmss extension delete
Delete an extension from a VMSS.
storage blob delete
Mark a blob or snapshot for deletion.
Delete a blob.
vm perform-maintenance
The operation to perform maintenance on a virtual machine.
eventgrid event-subscription list
List event subscriptions.
List all event subscriptions for an Event Grid topic.
List all event subscriptions for a topic-type in a specific location (under the currently selected Azure subscription).
List all regional event subscriptions in a specific location (under the currently selected Azure subscription).
List all global event subscriptions (under the currently selected Azure subscription).
dls account list
Lists available Data Lake Store accounts.
sql show-usage
Gets a subscription usage metric.
ad group member add
Add a member to a group.
acr build-task list
List the build tasks for a container registry.
List build tasks and show the results in a table.
dla catalog table-stats
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog table statistics.
storage account network-rule add
Add a network rule.
Create a rule to allow a specific address-range.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule update
Updates Authorizationrule for the given Eventhub
Updates Authorizationrule
network local-gateway
Manage local gateways.
storage account check-name
Checks that the storage account name is valid and is not already in use.
redis import-method
(DEPRECATED) Import data into a Redis cache.
webapp deployment slot
Manage web app deployment slots.
servicebus topic authorization-rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Topic Authorization Rule
batch location
Manage Batch service options for a subscription at the region level.
sf cluster client-certificate add
Add a common name or certificate thumbprint to the cluster for client authentication.
Add client certificate by thumbprint
sql server conn-policy update
Updates a server's secure connection policy.
sql db rename
Rename a database.
container show
Get the details of a container group.
lab secret set
Set a secret for a lab.
batch task show
Gets information about the specified task.  For multi-instance tasks, information such as affinityId, executionInfo and nodeInfo refer to the primary task. Use the list subtasks API to retrieve information about subtasks.
storage cors
Manage storage service Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS).
storage blob update
Sets system properties on the blob. If one property is set for the content_settings, all properties will be overriden.
keyvault certificate issuer show
Lists the specified certificate issuer.  The GetCertificateIssuer operation returns the specified certificate issuer resources in the specified key vault.
network watcher troubleshooting show
Get the results of the last troubleshooting operation.
Show the results or status of a troubleshooting operation for a Vnet Gateway.
ams account
Manage Azure Media Services accounts.
network application-gateway probe delete
Delete a probe.
Delete a probe.
ams job start
Start a job.
dla account blob-storage list
Gets the first page of Azure Storage accounts, if any, linked to the specified Data Lake Analytics account. The response includes a link to the next page, if any.
sql server vnet-rule update
Update a virtual network rule.
ams account list
List Azure Media Services accounts for the entire subscription.
lab vnet list
List virtual networks in a given lab.
batchai job terminate
Terminate a job.
Terminate a job and wait for the job to be terminated.
Request job termination without waiting for the job to be terminated.
storage queue policy
Manage shared access policies for a storage queue.
dla catalog package show
Retrieves the specified package from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
dla account compute-policy
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics account compute policies.
network route-filter rule show
Get the details of a rule in a route filter.
Get the details of a rule in a route filter.
dls account trusted-provider update
Updates the specified trusted identity provider.
ams job delete
Delete a job.
batch node user delete
Deletes a user account from the specified compute node.  You can delete a user account to a node only when it is in the idle or running state.
policy set-definition list
List policy set definitions.
mysql server firewall-rule list
List all firewall rules for a server.
vm disk detach
Detatch a managed disk from a VM.
Detach a data disk from a VM.
identity list
List Managed Service Identities
batch node user reset
Update the properties of a user account on a Batch compute node. Unspecified properties which can be updated are reset to their defaults.
aks get-versions
Get the versions available for creating a managed Kubernetes cluster.
storage blob lease break
Breaks the lease, if the blob has an active lease. Once a lease is broken, it cannot be renewed. Any authorized request can break the lease; the request is not required to specify a matching lease ID. When a lease is broken, the lease break period is allowed to elapse, during which time no lease operation except break and release can be performed on the blob. When a lease is successfully broken, the response indicates the interval in seconds until a new lease can be acquired.   A lease that has been broken can also be released, in which case another client may immediately acquire the lease on the blob.
monitor autoscale profile create
Create a fixed or recurring autoscale profile.
Create a fixed date profile, inheriting the default scaling rules but changing the capacity.
network dns record-set aaaa add-record
Add an AAAA record.
Add an AAAA record.
network dns zone update
Update a DNS zone properties. Does not modify DNS records within the zone.
Update a DNS zone properties to change the user-defined value of a previously set tag.
batch application delete
Deletes an application.
batchai workspace create
Create a workspace.
Create a workspace in East US region.
mysql server firewall-rule show
Get the details of a firewall rule.
postgres server-logs
Manage server logs.
keyvault certificate create
Create a Key Vault certificate.
Create a self-signed certificate with the default policy and add it to a virtual machine.
webapp config set
Set a web app's configuration.
sql dw pause
Pauses a datawarehouse.
network dns record-set aaaa show
Get the details of an AAAA record set.
Get the details of an AAAA record set.
network lb frontend-ip delete
Delete a frontend IP address.
Delete a frontend IP address.
storage blob undelete
The undelete Blob operation restores the contents and metadata of soft deleted blob or snapshot. Attempting to undelete a blob or snapshot that is not soft deleted will succeed without any changes.
acr webhook delete
Delete a webhook from a container registry.
Delete a webhook from a container registry.
monitor autoscale profile show
Show details of an autoscale profile.
storage blob service-properties delete-policy show
Show the storage blob delete-policy.
network dns record-set srv add-record
Add an SRV record.
Add an SRV record.
cognitiveservices account keys regenerate
Regenerate the keys of an Azure Cognitive Services account.
sql mi list
List available managed instances.
List all managed instances in the current subscription.
vmss rolling-upgrade
(PREVIEW) Manage rolling upgrades.
sql server firewall-rule create
Create a firewall rule.
storage file upload-batch
Upload files from a local directory to an Azure Storage File Share in a batch operation.
network watcher flow-log configure
Configure flow logging on a network security group.
Enable NSG flow logs.
acr create
Creates a container registry.
Create a managed container registry with the Standard SKU.
batch task stop
Terminates the specified task.  When the task has been terminated, it moves to the completed state. For multi-instance tasks, the terminate task operation applies synchronously to the primary task; subtasks are then terminated asynchronously in the background.
batchai cluster delete
Delete a cluster.
Delete a cluster and wait for deletion to be completed.
Delete cluster without asking for confirmation (for non-interactive scenarios).
sf cluster reliability update
Update the reliability tier for the primary node in a cluster.
Change the cluster reliability level to 'Silver'.
account lock list
List lock information in the subscription.
List out all locks on the subscription level
network watcher packet-capture delete
Delete a packet capture session.
Delete a packet capture session. This only deletes the session and not the capture file.
network lb show
Get the details of a load balancer.
Get the details of a load balancer.
network application-gateway ssl-cert update
Update an SSL certificate.
Change a gateway SSL certificate and password.
webapp config container show
Get details of a web app container's settings.
network vnet-gateway revoked-cert create
Revoke a certificate.
Revoke a certificate.
lab secret delete
Delete secret.
keyvault key backup
Requests that a backup of the specified key be downloaded to the client.  The Key Backup operation exports a key from Azure Key Vault in a protected form. Note that this operation does NOT return key material in a form that can be used outside the Azure Key Vault system, the returned key material is either protected to a Azure Key Vault HSM or to Azure Key Vault itself. The intent of this operation is to allow a client to GENERATE a key in one Azure Key Vault instance, BACKUP the key, and then RESTORE it into another Azure Key Vault instance. The BACKUP operation may be used to export, in protected form, any key type from Azure Key Vault. Individual versions of a key cannot be backed up. BACKUP / RESTORE can be performed within geographical boundaries only; meaning that a BACKUP from one geographical area cannot be restored to another geographical area. For example, a backup from the US geographical area cannot be restored in an EU geographical area.
batchai file-server list
List file servers.
List all file servers in the given workspace.
sql db threat-policy
Manage a database's threat detection policies.
vm availability-set show
Get information for an availability set.
Get information about an availability set.
advisor recommendation
Review Azure Advisor recommendations.
keyvault certificate pending show
Gets the operation associated with a specified certificate. Authorization: requires the certificates/get permission.
storage blob service-properties delete-policy
Manage storage blob delete-policy service properties.
aks wait
Wait for a managed Kubernetes cluster to reach a desired state.
Wait for a cluster to be upgraded, polling every minute for up to thirty minutes.
ams job list
List all the jobs of a transform within an Azure Media Services account.
vmss wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of a scale set is met.
dls fs preview
Preview the content of a file in a Data Lake Store account.
storage file update
Sets system properties on the file. If one property is set for the content_settings, all properties will be overriden.
advisor recommendation enable
Enable Azure Advisor recommendations.
storage share policy
Manage shared access policies of a storage file share.
keyvault key create
Creates a new key, stores it, then returns key parameters and attributes to the client.  The create key operation can be used to create any key type in Azure Key Vault. If the named key already exists, Azure Key Vault creates a new version of the key.
network dns record-set aaaa
Manage DNS AAAA records.
redis force-reboot
Reboot specified Redis node(s). This operation requires write permission to the cache resource. There can be potential data loss.
network nsg show
Get information about a network security group.
Get basic information about an NSG.
Get all default NSG rules with "Allow" access and format the output as a table.
storage container metadata show
Returns all user-defined metadata for the specified container.
storage file copy
Manage file copy operations.
dla account blob-storage show
Gets the specified Azure Storage account linked to the given Data Lake Analytics account.
vmss
Manage groupings of virtual machines in an Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS).
storage queue exists
Returns a boolean indicating whether the queue exists.
ams account storage remove
Detach a secondary storage from an Azure Media Services account.
maps
Manage Azure Maps.
vm image accept-terms
Accept Azure Marketplace term so that the image can be used to create VMs
batch pool node-agent-skus list
Lists all node agent SKUs supported by the Azure Batch service.
cognitiveservices account
Manage Azure Cognitive Services accounts.
network application-gateway list
List application gateways.
List application gateways.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule list
shows the list of Authorizationrule by Eventhub
shows the list of Authorizationrule by Eventhub
monitor metrics
View Azure resource metrics.
servicebus namespace delete
Deletes the Service Bus Namespace
Deletes the Service Bus Namespace
storage share metadata update
Sets one or more user-defined name-value pairs for the specified share. Each call to this operation replaces all existing metadata attached to the share. To remove all metadata from the share, call this operation with no metadata dict.
acr build-task update
Update a build task for a container registry.
Update the git access token for a build definition in a container registry.
network application-gateway address-pool delete
Delete an address pool.
Delete an address pool.
network traffic-manager profile show
Get the details of a traffic manager profile.
Get the details of a traffic manager profile.
cdn origin show
Gets an existing origin within an endpoint.
iot hub show
Get the details of an IoT hub.
sf application certificate
Manage the certificate of an application.
ams account show
Show the details of an Azure Media Services account.
storage blob set-tier
Set the block or page tiers on the blob.
network vpn-connection delete
Delete a VPN connection.
Delete a VPN connection.
network nic ip-config inbound-nat-rule
Manage inbound NAT rules of an IP configuration.
policy assignment create
Create a resource policy assignment.
Provide rule parameter values with the following example
network lb inbound-nat-pool show
Get the details of an inbound NAT address pool.
Get the details of an inbound NAT address pool.
batch pool set
Update the properties of a Batch pool. Updating a property in a subgroup will reset the unspecified properties of that group.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Authorizationrule for Eventhub
network route-table update
Update a route table.
Update a route table to disable BGP route propogation.
batch job disable
Disables the specified job, preventing new tasks from running.  The Batch Service immediately moves the job to the disabling state. Batch then uses the disableTasks parameter to determine what to do with the currently running tasks of the job. The job remains in the disabling state until the disable operation is completed and all tasks have been dealt with according to the disableTasks option; the job then moves to the disabled state. No new tasks are started under the job until it moves back to active state. If you try to disable a job that is in any state other than active, disabling, or disabled, the request fails with status code 409.
backup job wait
Wait until either the job completes or the specified timeout value is reached.
snapshot create
Create a snapshot.
Create a snapshot by importing from a blob uri.
Create a snapshot by copying an existing disk in the same resource group.
dls fs set-expiry
Set the expiration time for a file.
consumption budget
Manage budgets for an Azure subscription.
dls account trusted-provider delete
Deletes the specified trusted identity provider from the specified Data Lake Store account.
webapp config ssl unbind
Unbind an SSL certificate from a web app.
keyvault set-policy
Update security policy settings for a Key Vault. 
network vpn-connection ipsec-policy clear
Delete all IPsec policies on a VPN connection.
Remove all previously specified IPsec policies from a connection.
vm list
List details of Virtual Machines.
List all VMs.
List all VMs by resource group with details.
backup policy
A backup policy defines when you want to take a backup and for how long you would retain each backup copy.
role assignment create
Create a new role assignment for a user, group, or service principal.
Create role assignment for an assignee.
dla job wait
Wait for a Data Lake Analytics job to finish.
network application-gateway frontend-port
Manage frontend ports of an application gateway.
storage metrics update
Update metrics settings for a storage account.
webapp log show
Get the details of a web app's logging configuration.
group deployment delete
Deletes a deployment from the deployment history.  A template deployment that is currently running cannot be deleted. Deleting a template deployment removes the associated deployment operations. Deleting a template deployment does not affect the state of the resource group. This is an asynchronous operation that returns a status of 202 until the template deployment is successfully deleted. The Location response header contains the URI that is used to obtain the status of the process. While the process is running, a call to the URI in the Location header returns a status of 202. When the process finishes, the URI in the Location header returns a status of 204 on success. If the asynchronous request failed, the URI in the Location header returns an error-level status code.
storage blob incremental-copy
Manage blob incremental copy operations.
webapp deployment source sync
Synchronize from the repository. Only needed under manual integration mode.
dla account firewall list
List firewall rules in a Data Lake Analytics account.
account management-group
Manage Azure Management Groups.
account lock create
Create a subscription lock.
Create a read-only subscription level lock.
extension update
Update an extension.
Update an extension by name
storage directory delete
Deletes the specified empty directory. Note that the directory must be empty before it can be deleted. Attempting to delete directories  that are not empty will fail.  If the directory does not exist, the operation fails on the service. By default, the exception is swallowed by the client. To expose the exception, specify True for fail_not_exist.
vmss extension image list-versions
Gets a list of virtual machine extension image versions.
iot hub policy delete
Delete a shared access policy from an IoT hub.
storage blob incremental-copy cancel
Aborts a pending copy_blob operation, and leaves a destination blob with zero length and full metadata.
monitor activity-log alert action-group
Manage action groups for activity log alerts
network traffic-manager profile create
Create a traffic manager profile.
Create a traffic manager profile with performance routing.
sql elastic-pool list-editions
List elastic pool editions available for the active subscription.
Show all elastic pool editions and pool DTU limits in the West US region.
Show available max sizes for elastic pools with at least 100 DTUs in the West US region.
network nic update
Update a network interface.
Update a network interface to use a different network security group.
network vnet-gateway list
List virtual network gateways.
List virtual network gateways in a resource group.
servicebus namespace list
List the Service Bus Namespaces
Get the Service Bus Namespaces by resource group
functionapp config ssl bind
Bind an SSL certificate to a function app.
storage container policy create
Create a stored access policy on the containing object
keyvault update
Update the properties of a key vault.
network express-route auth list
List link authorizations of an ExpressRoute circuit.
List link authorizations of an ExpressRoute circuit.
eventgrid topic list
List available topics.
List all topics in the current Azure subscription.
cosmosdb database list
Lists all Azure Cosmos DB databases 
cosmosdb collection create
Creates an Azure Cosmos DB collection 
network watcher troubleshooting start
Troubleshoot issues with VPN connections or gateway connectivity.
Start a troubleshooting operation on a VPN Connection.
monitor log-profiles create
Create a log profile.
iot dps linked-hub list
List all linked IoT hubs in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
List all linked IoT hubs in MyDps
network vnet subnet update
Update a subnet.
Associate a network security group to a subnet.
aks create
Create a new managed Kubernetes cluster.
Create a Kubernetes cluster with an existing SSH public key.
Create a Kubernetes cluster with a larger node pool.
network nic
Manage network interfaces.
iot hub policy list
List shared access policies of an IoT hub.
batch job prep-release-status
View the status of Batch job preparation and release tasks.
acs create
Create a container service.
Create a Kubernetes container service and generate SSH keys to connect to it.
vm generalize
Mark a VM as generalized, allowing it to be imaged for multiple deployments.
Deallocate, generalize, and capture a stopped virtual machine.
monitor diagnostic-settings update
Update diagnostic settings.
vmss identity remove
(PREVIEW) Remove user assigned identities from a VM scaleset.
Remove 2 identities which are in the same resource group with the VM scaleset
vmss restart
Restart VMs within a VMSS.
servicebus topic authorization-rule update
Create Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
Create Authorization Rule for given Service Bus Topic
managedapp
Manage template solutions provided and maintained by Independent Software Vendors (ISVs).
acr webhook
Manage webhooks for Azure Container Registries.
sql server dns-alias create
Creates a server dns alias.
cosmosdb list
List Azure Cosmos DB database accounts.
batchai job
Commands to manage jobs.
sql db list-usages
Returns database usages.
sf cluster node remove
Remove nodes from a node type in a cluster.
Remove 2 'nt1' nodes from a cluster.
servicebus queue authorization-rule create
Create Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Queue.
Create Authorization Rule for Queue
vmss encryption enable
Encrypt a VMSS with managed disks.
encrypt a VM scale set using a key vault in the same resource group
cloud register
Register a cloud.
webapp config hostname get-external-ip
Get the external-facing IP address for a web app.
storage account network-rule list
List network rules.
backup policy delete
Before you can delete a Backup protection policy, the policy must not have any associated Backup items. To  associate another policy with a Backup item, use the backup item set-policy command.
batch job-schedule show
Gets information about the specified job schedule.
network route-filter update
Update a route filter.
Update the tags on a route filter.
network application-gateway rule delete
Delete a rule.
Delete a rule.
lab secret list
List secrets in a given user profile.
keyvault key list
List keys in the specified vault.  Retrieves a list of the keys in the Key Vault as JSON Web Key structures that contain the public part of a stored key. The LIST operation is applicable to all key types, however only the base key identifier,attributes, and tags are provided in the response. Individual versions of a key are not listed in the response. Authorization: Requires the keys/list permission.
servicebus
Manage Azure Service Bus namespaces, queues, topics, subscriptions, rules and geo-disaster recovery configuration alias
sql db create
Create a database.
Create a Standard S0 database.
Create a database with zone redundancy enabled
batch account set
Update properties for a Batch account.
webapp config appsettings delete
Delete web app settings.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Authorizationrule connection strings for Eventhub
network watcher connection-monitor create
Create a connection monitor.
Create a connection monitor for a virtual machine.
iot device list
List devices in an IoT hub.
webapp config ssl delete
Delete an SSL certificate from a web app.
servicebus topic subscription rule delete
Deletes the ServiceBus Rule
Deletes the ServiceBus Rule
resource link delete
Delete a link between resources.
Delete link {LinkID}
account management-group update
Update an existing management group.
Update an existing management group with a specific display name.
Update an existing management group with a specific display name and parent.
dla catalog table show
Retrieves the specified table from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
network vnet subnet list
List the subnets in a virtual network.
List the subnets in a virtual network.
cosmosdb create
Creates a new Azure Cosmos DB database account.
vm nic add
Add existing NICs to a VM.
Add two NICs to a VM.
keyvault certificate download
Download the public portion of a Key Vault certificate.
Download a certificate as PEM and check its fingerprint in openssl.
batch task reactivate
Reactivates a task, allowing it to run again even if its retry count has been exhausted.  Reactivation makes a task eligible to be retried again up to its maximum retry count. The task's state is changed to active. As the task is no longer in the completed state, any previous exit code or failure information is no longer available after reactivation. Each time a task is reactivated, its retry count is reset to 0. Reactivation will fail for tasks that are not completed or that previously completed successfully (with an exit code of 0). Additionally, it will fail if the job has completed (or is terminating or deleting).
network lb frontend-ip list
List frontend IP addresses.
List frontend IP addresses.
webapp traffic-routing clear
Clear the routing rules and send all traffic to production.
storage table create
Creates a new table in the storage account.
backup vault delete
Delete an existing Recovery services vault.
network vnet-gateway vpn-client generate
Generate VPN client configuration.
Create the VPN client configuration for RADIUS with EAP-MSCHAV2 authentication.
monitor activity-log alert action-group add
Add action groups to this activity log alert. It can also be used to overwrite existing webhook properties of particular action groups.
Add an action group and specify webhook properties.
Remove webhook properties from an existing action group.
network dns record-set ptr show
Get the details of a PTR record set.
Get the details of a PTR record set.
group wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the resource group is met.
network vnet-gateway list-advertised-routes
List the routes of a virtual network gateway advertised to the specified peer.
List the routes of a virtual network gateway advertised to the specified peer.
network application-gateway address-pool update
Update an address pool.
Update an address pool, add server.
vmss extension image show
Gets a virtual machine extension image.
lab custom-image
Manage custom images of a DevTest Lab.
storage blob service-properties show
Gets the properties of a storage account's Blob service, including Azure Storage Analytics.
eventhubs georecovery-alias authorization-rule keys list
Shows the keys and connection strings of Authorizationrule for the Event Hubs Namespace
Shows the keys and connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
iot hub list-skus
List available pricing tiers.
network traffic-manager
Manage the routing of incoming traffic.
eventhubs georecovery-alias
Manage Azure Event Hubs Geo Recovery configuration Alias
vm extension image list-versions
List the versions for available extensions.
Find the available versions for the Docker extension.
storage blob metadata update
Sets user-defined metadata for the specified blob as one or more name-value pairs.
servicebus queue authorization-rule keys renew
Regenerate keys of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Queue
Regenerate keys of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Queue
webapp deployment slot create
Create a deployment slot.
network watcher packet-capture list
List all packet capture sessions within a resource group.
List all packet capture sessions within a region.
interactive
Start interactive mode.
iot hub certificate list
Lists all certificates contained within an Azure IoT Hub
List all certificates in MyIotHub
webapp log download
Download a web app's log history as a zip file.
network express-route peering list
List peering settings of an ExpressRoute circuit.
List peering settings of an ExpressRoute circuit.
keyvault secret backup
Requests that a backup of the specified secret be downloaded to the client. Authorization: requires the secrets/backup permission.
batch account keys renew
Regenerates the specified account key for the Batch account.
policy assignment delete
Delete a resource policy assignment.
ams streaming endpoint stop
Stop a streaming endpoint.
keyvault secret list-deleted
List deleted secrets in the specified vault. Authorization: requires the secrets/list permission.
network application-gateway probe update
Update a probe.
Update an application gateway probe with a timeout of 60 seconds.
batchai cluster create
Create a cluster.
Create a single node GPU cluster with default image and auto-storage account.
Create a cluster providing all parameters manually.
eventhubs georecovery-alias exists
Check the availability of Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias Name
Check the availability of Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias Name
dms check-name
Check if a given DMS instance name is available in a given region as well as the name's validity.
postgres server-logs list
List log files for a server.
List log files for 'testsvr' modified in the last 72 hours (default value).
List log files for 'testsvr' less than 30Kb in size.
ad group delete
Delete a group from the directory.
iot hub certificate update
Update an Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Updates a CA certificate in an IoT hub by uploading a new PEM file.
storage blob service-properties
Manage storage blob service properties.
lock update
Update a lock.
Update a resource group level lock with new notes and type
storage queue metadata show
Retrieves user-defined metadata and queue properties on the specified queue. Metadata is associated with the queue as name-value pairs.
role assignment
Manage role assignments.
lab vm create
Create a VM in a lab.
Create a VM in the lab from a gallery image.
Create a claimable VM in the lab from a gallery image with password authentication.
Create a VM in the lab from a custom image.
Create a VM from a formula.
reservations reservation list-history
Get history of a reservation.
storage share update
Sets service-defined properties for the specified share.
network dns record-set aaaa update
Update an AAAA record set.
Update an AAAA record set.
monitor autoscale rule create
Add a new autoscale rule.
Scale to 5 instances when the CPU Percentage across instances is greater than 75 averaged over 10 minutes.
Scale down 50% when the CPU Percentage across instances is less than 25 averaged over 15 minutes.
image delete
Deletes an Image.
maps account show
Show the details of a maps account.
acr webhook update
Update a webhook.
Update headers for a webhook.
Disable a webhook.
servicebus georecovery-alias fail-over
Invokes Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias failover and re-configure the alias to point to the secondary namespace
Invokes Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias failover and reconfigure the alias to point to the secondary namespace
mysql server-logs list
List log files for a server.
List log files for 'testsvr' modified in the last 72 hours (default value).
List log files for 'testsvr' less than 30Kb in size.
find
Find Azure CLI commands.
Search for commands containing 'vm' or 'secret'
network watcher show-topology
Get the network topology of a resource group, virtual network or subnet.
Use show-topology to get the topology of resources within a resource group.
batch node remote-desktop download
Gets the Remote Desktop Protocol file for the specified compute node.  Before you can access a node by using the RDP file, you must create a user account on the node. This API can only be invoked on pools created with a cloud service configuration. For pools created with a virtual machine configuration, see the GetRemoteLoginSettings API.
vm image list-offers
List the VM image offers available in the Azure Marketplace.
List all offers from Microsoft in the West US region.
ad app create
Create a web application, web API or native application
Create a native application with delegated permission of "access the AAD directory as the signed-in user"
dla account data-lake-store list
Gets the first page of Data Lake Store accounts linked to the specified Data Lake Analytics account. The response includes a link to the next page, if any.
backup protection check-vm
Find out whether the virtual machine is protected or not. If protected, it returns the recovery services vault ID, otherwise it returns empty.
network application-gateway rule update
Update a rule.
Update a rule use a new HTTP listener.
network dns record-set a delete
Delete an A record set and all associated records.
Delete an A record set and all associated records.
sql db
Manage databases.
storage directory exists
Check for the existence of a storage directory.
functionapp deployment user show
Gets publishing user.  Gets publishing user.
snapshot revoke-access
Revoke read access to a snapshot.
batchai experiment delete
Delete an experiment.
Delete an experiment. All running jobs will be terminated.
Request an experiment deletion without waiting for job to be deleted.
batchai job file stream
Stream the content of a file (similar to 'tail -f').
Stream standard output file of the job.
backup vault create
Create a new Recovery Services vault.
vmss identity assign
Enable managed service identity on a VMSS.
Enable identity on a VMSS with the 'Owner' role.
iot dps access-policy list
List all shared access policies in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
List all shared access policies in MyDps
group list
List resource groups.
List all resource groups located in the West US region.
storage account list
List storage accounts.
List all storage accounts in a subscription.
network application-gateway url-path-map update
Update a URL path map.
Update a URL path map to use new default HTTP settings.
eventgrid topic key list
List shared access keys of a topic.
sql server key create
Creates a server key.
role definition create
Create a custom role definition.
Create a role with read-only access to storage and network resources, and the ability to start or restart VMs.
dla account data-lake-store add
Updates the specified Data Lake Analytics account to include the additional Data Lake Store account.
lab vnet get
Get virtual network.
ams streaming policy delete
Delete a Streaming Policy.  Deletes a Streaming Policy in the Media Services account.
network lb inbound-nat-pool delete
Delete an inbound NAT address pool.
Delete an inbound NAT address pool.
vm extension delete
Remove an extension attached to a VM.
Use a VM name and extension to delete an extension from a VM.
vm user
Manage user accounts for a VM.
servicebus topic subscription delete
Deletes the Service Bus Subscription
Deletes the Subscription
dms start
Start an instance of the Data Migration Service. It can then be used to run data migrations.
batch task file delete
Deletes the specified task file from the compute node where the task ran.
monitor alert
Manage metric-based alert rules.
acs show
Get the details for a container service.
storage blob metadata
Manage blob metadata.
lab artifact list
List artifacts in a given artifact source.
servicebus georecovery-alias authorization-rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Authorization Rule for Namespace with Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias
monitor activity-log alert
Manage activity log alerts
network vnet peering show
Show details of a peering.
Show all details of the specified virtual network peering.
network ddos-protection update
Update a DDoS protection plan.
cdn origin
List or show existing origins related to CDN endpoints.
webapp log
Manage web app logs.
keyvault secret show
Get a specified secret from a given key vault.  The GET operation is applicable to any secret stored in Azure Key Vault.
ams streaming locator
Manage streaming locators for an Azure Media Services account.
network express-route show
Get the details of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Get the details of an ExpressRoute circuit.
acr build-task show
Get the properties of a specified build task.
Get the details of a build task, displaying the results in a table.
vmss show
Get details on VMs within a VMSS.
dla account delete
Delete a Data Lake Analytics account.
network dns record-set caa add-record
Add a CAA record.
Add a CAA record.
storage container lease acquire
Requests a new lease. If the container does not have an active lease, the Blob service creates a lease on the container and returns a new lease ID.
acs dcos install-cli
Download and install the DC/OS command-line tool for a cluster.
network local-gateway create
Create a local VPN gateway.
Create a Local Network Gateway to represent your on-premises site.
keyvault key purge
Permanently deletes the specified key. aka purges the key. Authorization: Requires the keys/purge permission.
keyvault show
Show details of a key vault.
cognitiveservices account list-skus
List the SKUs avaiable for an Azure Cognitive Services account.
consumption marketplace
Inspect the marketplace usage data of an Azure subscription within a billing period.
keyvault certificate contact list
Lists the certificate contacts for a specified key vault.  The GetCertificateContacts operation returns the set of certificate contact resources in the specified key vault.
functionapp config
Configure a function app.
sql dw create
Create a data warehouse.
keyvault certificate show-deleted
Retrieves information about the specified deleted certificate.  The GetDeletedCertificate operation retrieves the deleted certificate information plus its attributes, such as retention interval, scheduled permanent deletion and the current deletion recovery level.
network vpn-connection list
List all VPN connections in a resource group.
List all VPN connections in a resource group.
cosmosdb failover-priority-change
Changes the failover priority for the Azure Cosmos DB database account.
identity delete
Deletes the identity.
batch job stop
Terminates the specified job, marking it as completed.  When a Terminate Job request is received, the Batch service sets the job to the terminating state. The Batch service then terminates any running tasks associated with the job and runs any required job release tasks. Then the job moves into the completed state. If there are any tasks in the job in the active state, they will remain in the active state. Once a job is terminated, new tasks cannot be added and any remaining active tasks will not be scheduled.
keyvault key
Manage keys.
network dns record-set srv
Manage DNS SRV records.
network nic ip-config delete
Delete an IP configuration.
Delete an IP configuration.
sf cluster durability update
Update the durability tier or VM SKU of a node type in the cluster.
Change the cluster durability level to 'Silver'.
network route-filter show
Get the details of a route filter.
Get the details of a route filter.
webapp identity assign
(PREVIEW) assign managed service identity to the webapp
assign local identity and assign a reader role to the current resource group.
batchai cluster show
Show information about a cluster.
Show full information about a cluster.
network application-gateway create
Create an application gateway.
Create an application gateway with VMs as backend servers.
iot hub consumer-group create
Create an event hub consumer group.
Create a consumer group 'cg1' in the default event hub endpoint.
sql db list-editions
Show database editions available for the currently active subscription.
Show all database editions in a location.
Show available max database sizes for P1 service objective
network route-table route list
List routes in a route table.
List routes in a route table.
sf cluster certificate remove
Remove a certificate from a cluster.
Remove a certificate by thumbprint.
iot dps list
List Azure IoT Hub device provisioning services.
List all Azure IoT Hub device provisioning services in a subscription.
vm extension image list
List the information on available extensions.
List the unique publishers for extensions.
List extension names where the publisher name starts with "Microsoft.Azure.App".
network watcher test-connectivity
(PREVIEW) Test if a connection can be established between a Virtual Machine and a given endpoint.
Check connectivity between two virtual machines in the same resource group over port 80.
iot dps certificate show
Show information about a particular Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service certificate.
Show details about MyCertificate in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
vm list-vm-resize-options
List available resizing options for VMs.
List all available VM sizes for resizing.
acr build
Queues a quick docker build providing interactive feedback.
Queue a local context, validating the build is successful, without pushing to the registry.
keyvault key show
Gets the public part of a stored key.  The get key operation is applicable to all key types. If the requested key is symmetric, then no key material is released in the response.
monitor action-group update
Update an action group
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group list
List the ConsumerGroup by Eventhub
Shows the ConsumerGroup by Eventhub.
managedapp show
Gets a managed application.
dms list
List the DMS instances within your currently configured subscription (to set this use "az account set"). If provided, only show the instances within a given resource group.
List all the instances in your subscription.
lab vm claim
Claim a virtual machine from the Lab.
Claim any available virtual machine in the lab.
Claim multiple virtual machines in the lab by IDs.
batch
Manage Azure Batch.
postgres server list
List available servers.
List all PostgreSQL servers in a subscription.
iot device show
Get the details for a device in an IoT hub.
functionapp deployment user
Manage user credentials for deployment.
network lb address-pool show
Get the details of an address pool.
Get the details of an address pool.
dls fs access set-owner
Set the owner information for a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
vm secret list
List secrets on a VM.
ams asset get-sas-urls
Lists the asset SAS URLs used for uploading and downloading asset content.
dla account data-lake-store
(PREVIEW) Manage links between Data Lake Analytics and Data Lake Store accounts.
functionapp config appsettings
Configure function app settings.
iot dps access-policy show
Show details of a shared access policies in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Show details of shared access policy 'MyPolicy' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
storage account show-usage
Show the current count and limit of the storage accounts under the subscription.
cognitiveservices account keys list
List the keys of an Azure Cognitive Services account.
servicebus queue authorization-rule show
show properties of Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Queue.
show properties of Authorization Rule
backup restore
Restore backed up items from recovery points in a Recovery Services vault.
batchai cluster node exec
Executes a command line on a cluster's node with optional ports forwarding.
Report a snapshot of the current processes.
Forward local 9000 to port 9001 on the node.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule keys renew
Regenerate the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
Regenerate the connection strings of Authorizationrule for the namespace.
eventhubs eventhub update
Updates the Event Hubs Eventhub
Updates a new Eventhub.
webapp config backup restore
Restore a web app from a backup.
network application-gateway http-settings update
Update HTTP settings.
Update HTTP settings to use a new probe.
eventhubs georecovery-alias fail-over
Invokes Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias to point to the secondary namespace
Invokes GEO DR failover and reconfigure the alias to point to the secondary namespace
network express-route list
List all ExpressRoute circuits for the current subscription.
List all ExpressRoute circuits for the current subscription.
account management-group delete
Delete an existing management group.
Delete an existing management group
storage file resize
Resizes a file to the specified size. If the specified byte value is less than the current size of the file, then all ranges above the specified byte value are cleared.
batch application package activate
Activates a Batch application package.
batch pool all-statistics
View statistics of all pools under a Batch account.
dla account compute-policy list
List compute policies in the a Lake Analytics account.
network lb list
List load balancers.
List load balancers.
sql server firewall-rule list
List a server's firewall rules.
sql mi
Manage SQL managed instances.
sql db show
Get the details for a database.
cdn profile delete
Delete a CDN profile.
Delete a CDN profile.
keyvault
Safeguard and maintain control of keys, secrets, and certificates.
snapshot delete
Deletes a snapshot.
dla catalog credential list
List catalog credentials.
dms project task delete
Delete a migration Task.
network express-route peering show
Get the details of an express route peering.
Get private peering details of an ExpressRoute circuit.
container attach
Attach local standard output and error streams to a container in a container group.
webapp deployment slot list
List all deployment slots.
network public-ip list
List public IP addresses.
List all public IPs in a subscription.
List all public IPs of a domain name label.
network application-gateway frontend-port create
Create a frontend port.
Create a frontend port.
network application-gateway ssl-policy predefined list
Lists all SSL predefined policies for configuring SSL policy.
Lists all SSL predefined policies for configuring SSL policy.
network application-gateway update
Update an application gateway.
Update an application gateway to use additional servers.
network dns record-set txt delete
Delete a TXT record set and all associated records.
Delete a TXT record set and all associated records.
network watcher packet-capture create
Create and start a packet capture session.
Create a packet capture session on a VM.
servicebus queue list
List the Queue by Service Bus Namepsace
Get the Queues by Service Bus Namespace.
keyvault certificate issuer list
List certificate issuers for a specified key vault.  The GetCertificateIssuers operation returns the set of certificate issuer resources in the specified key vault.
iot hub job cancel
Cancel a job in an IoT hub.
postgres server firewall-rule show
Get the details of a firewall rule.
storage entity merge
Updates an existing entity by merging the entity's properties. Throws  if the entity does not exist.   This operation does not replace the existing entity as the update_entity operation does. A property cannot be removed with merge_entity.  Any properties with null values are ignored. All other properties will be  updated or added.
monitor action-group
Manage action groups
lab vm list
List the VMs in an Azure DevTest Lab.
network application-gateway ssl-policy show
Get the details of gateway's SSL policy settings.
Get the details of a gateway's SSL policy settings.
cognitiveservices
Manage Azure Cognitive Services accounts.
keyvault certificate issuer update
Update a certificate issuer record.
network watcher connection-monitor delete
Delete a connection monitor for the given region.
Delete a connection monitor for the given region.
batch task reset
Reset the properties of a Batch task.
cdn custom-domain disable-https
Disable https delivery of the custom domain.
lab custom-image list
List custom images in a given lab.
eventgrid topic create
Create a topic.
Create a new topic.
dla catalog schema list
Retrieves the list of schemas from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
batch application package create
Create a Batch application package record and activate it.
backup job show
Show details of a particular job.
cosmosdb list-connection-strings
List the connection strings for a Azure Cosmos DB database account.
lock delete
Delete a lock.
Delete a resource group-level lock
monitor autoscale rule delete
Remove autoscale rules from a profile.
iot dps create
Create an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Create an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service with the standard pricing tier S1, in the region of the resource group.
batch application summary list
Lists all of the applications available in the specified account.
network dns zone
Manage DNS zones.
network dns record-set aaaa list
List all AAAA record sets in a zone.
List all AAAA record sets in a zone.
sf cluster setting remove
Remove settings from a cluster.
Remove the `MaxFileOperationTimeout` setting from a cluster.
acr build-task create
Creates a new build definition which can be triggered by git commits or base image updates.
Create a build definition which updates on git commits and base image updates.
policy set-definition delete
Delete a policy set definition.
ad user list
List Azure Active Directory users.
mysql server configuration list
List the configuration values for a server.
network route-table route
Manage routes in a route table.
backup container
Resource which houses items or applications to be protected.
sql server vnet-rule create
Create a virtual network rule to allows access to an Azure SQL server.
Create a vnet rule by providing the subnet id.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule update
Updates Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Namespace
Updates Authorization Rule 'myauthorule' for the given Service Bus Namespace 'mynamepsace' in resourcegroup
maps account create
Create a maps account.
keyvault certificate issuer create
Create a certificate issuer record.
dms project task
Manage Tasks for a Data Migration Service instance's Project.
redis update-settings
(DEPRECATED) Update the settings of a Redis cache.
acr repository
Manage repositories (image names) for Azure Container Registries.
vm list-sizes
List available sizes for VMs.
List the available VM sizes in the West US region.
lab get
Get lab.
webapp config appsettings list
Get the details of a web app's settings.
vm run-command show
Gets specific run command for a subscription in a location.
mysql server update
Update a server.
Update a server's sku.
webapp log tail
Start live log tracing for a web app.
dms project create
Create a migration Project which can contain multiple Tasks.
Create a Project for a DMS instance.
aks install-cli
Download and install kubectl, the Kubernetes command-line tool.
monitor autoscale create
Create new autoscale settings.
Create autoscale settings to scale between 2 and 5 instances (3 as default). Email the administrator when scaling occurs.
cdn endpoint show
Gets an existing CDN endpoint with the specified endpoint name under the specified subscription, resource group and profile.
network dns record-set soa
Manage a DNS SOA record.
batch pool delete
Deletes a pool from the specified account.  When you request that a pool be deleted, the following actions occur: the pool state is set to deleting; any ongoing resize operation on the pool are stopped; the Batch service starts resizing the pool to zero nodes; any tasks running on existing nodes are terminated and requeued (as if a resize pool operation had been requested with the default requeue option); finally, the pool is removed from the system. Because running tasks are requeued, the user can rerun these tasks by updating their job to target a different pool. The tasks can then run on the new pool. If you want to override the requeue behavior, then you should call resize pool explicitly to shrink the pool to zero size before deleting the pool. If you call an Update, Patch or Delete API on a pool in the deleting state, it will fail with HTTP status code 409 with error code PoolBeingDeleted.
account lock delete
Delete a subscription lock.
Delete a subscription lock
storage container list
List containers in a storage account.
network application-gateway frontend-port show
Get the details of a frontend port.
Get the details of a frontend port.
vmss identity
manage service identities of a VM scaleset.
acr build-task show-build
Get the properties of a specified build.
Get the details of a build, displaying the results in a table.
webapp config ssl upload
Upload an SSL certificate to a web app.
storage blob metadata show
Returns all user-defined metadata for the specified blob or snapshot.
network dns record-set mx delete
Delete an MX record set and all associated records.
Delete an MX record set and all associated records.
dls account trusted-provider create
Creates or updates the specified trusted identity provider. During update, the trusted identity provider with the specified name will be replaced with this new provider.
postgres server show
Get the details of a server.
network lb inbound-nat-rule delete
Delete an inbound NAT rule.
Delete an inbound NAT rule.
webapp show
Get the details of a web app.
sql mi show
Get the details for a managed instance.
Get the details for a managed instance
backup job stop
Suspend or terminate a currently running job.
account get-access-token
Get a token for utilities to access Azure.
network watcher show-next-hop
Get information on the 'next hop' of a VM.
Get the next hop from a VMs assigned IP address to a destination at 10.1.0.4.
network lb probe
Evaluate probe information and define routing rules.
iot dps linked-hub show
Show details of a linked IoT hub in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Show details of linked IoT hub 'MyLinkedHub' in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
webapp deployment source show
Get the details of a source control deployment configuration.
network vnet-gateway reset
Reset a virtual network gateway.
Reset a virtual network gateway.
group deployment operation show
get a deployment's operation.
servicebus queue delete
Deletes the Service Bus Queue
Deletes the queue
vmss start
Start VMs within a VMSS.
mysql server
Manage MySQL servers.
batch application summary show
Gets information about the specified application.
iot hub certificate verify
Verifies an Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Verifies ownership of the MyCertificate private key.
storage blob download-batch
Download blobs from a blob container recursively.
servicebus topic subscription rule create
Create the ServiceBus Rule for Subscription
Create Rule.
batchai job node
Commands to work with nodes which executed a job.
storage queue metadata
Manage the metadata for a storage queue.
functionapp config appsettings delete
Delete a function app's settings.
redis delete
Deletes a Redis cache.
network local-gateway delete
Delete a local VPN gateway.
Create a Local Network Gateway to represent your on-premises site.
dla catalog procedure show
Retrieves the specified procedure from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
batch task subtask
Manage subtask information of a Batch task.
dls fs create
Creates a file or folder in a Data Lake Store account.
network express-route auth show
Get the details of a link authorization of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Get the details of a link authorization of an ExpressRoute circuit.
eventhubs georecovery-alias authorization-rule
Manage Azure Event Hubs Authorizationrule for Geo Recovery configuration Alias
keyvault secret
Manage secrets.
webapp config appsettings
Configure web app settings.
backup protection enable-for-vm
Start protecting a previously unprotected Azure VM as per the specified policy to a Recovery services vault.
keyvault key show-deleted
Retrieves the deleted key information plus its attributes. Authorization: Requires the keys/get permission.
storage blob list
List blobs in a given container.
vmss extension image list
List the information on available extensions.
List the unique publishers for extensions.
List extension names where the publisher name starts with "Microsoft.Azure.App".
network route-filter rule delete
Delete a rule from a route filter.
Delete a rule from a route filter.
vm deallocate
Deallocate a VM.
Deallocate, generalize, and capture a stopped virtual machine.
storage account update
Update the properties of a storage account.
sql db copy
Create a copy of a database.
Create a database with performance level S0 as a copy of an existing Standard database.
postgres server configuration list
List the configuration values for a server.
network application-gateway probe show
Get the details of a probe.
Get the details of a probe.
vm availability-set convert
Convert an Azure Availability Set to contain VMs with managed disks.
Convert an availabiity set to use managed disks by name.
network dns record-set caa create
Create an empty CAA record set.
Create an empty CAA record set.
sql server firewall-rule update
Update a firewall rule.
eventgrid topic show
Get the details of a topic.
Show the details of a topic.
webapp config
Configure a web app.
monitor alert delete
Delete an alert rule.
maps account delete
Delete a maps account.
network traffic-manager profile delete
Delete a traffic manager profile.
Delete a traffic manager profile.
webapp config hostname
Configure hostnames for a web app.
consumption usage list
List the details of Azure resource consumption, either as an invoice or within a billing period.
postgres server
Manage PostgreSQL servers.
vm boot-diagnostics disable
Disable the boot diagnostics on a VM.
Disable boot diagnostics on all VMs in a resource group.
vm nic set
Configure settings of a NIC attached to a VM.
Set a NIC on a VM to be the primary interface.
eventhubs georecovery-alias set
Sets a Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias for the give Namespace
Sets Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias for the give Namespace
sql server key show
Shows a server key.
acr import
Imports an image to the container registry from source.
Import an image to the target registry and inherits sourcerepository:sourcetag from source.
network lb probe create
Create a probe.
Create a probe on a load balancer over HTTP and port 80.
network express-route create
Create an ExpressRoute circuit.
Create an ExpressRoute circuit.
appservice plan delete
Delete an app service plan.
keyvault delete
Delete a key vault.
storage blob delete-batch
Delete blobs from a blob container recursively.
lab environment
Manage environments for an Azure DevTest Lab.
network dns record-set ns list
List all NS record sets in a zone.
List all NS record sets in a zone.
sf cluster upgrade-type set
Change the  upgrade type for a cluster.
Set a cluster to use the 'Automatic' upgrade mode.
keyvault certificate issuer delete
Deletes the specified certificate issuer.  The DeleteCertificateIssuer operation permanently removes the specified certificate issuer from the vault.
batchai cluster resize
Resize a cluster.
Resize a cluster to zero size to stop paying for it.
keyvault certificate issuer admin
Manage admin information for certificate issuers.
functionapp deployment user set
Update deployment credentials.
Set FTP and git deployment credentials for all apps.
servicebus topic subscription
Manage Azure Service Bus Subscription
cdn endpoint stop
Stop a CDN endpoint.
Stop a CDN endpoint.
dla catalog table-stats list
List table statistics in a database, table, or schema.
network application-gateway http-listener create
Create an HTTP listener.
Create an HTTP listener.
network lb create
Create a load balancer.
Create a basic load balancer.
Create a basic zone flavored internal load balancer, through provisioning a zonal public ip.
mysql server delete
Delete a server.
sql server key
Manage a server's keys.
sql server firewall-rule show
Shows the details for a firewall rule.
storage account show-connection-string
Get the connection string for a storage account.
Get a connection string for a storage account.
network lb rule update
Update a load balancing rule.
Update a load balancing rule to change the protocol to UDP.
dla job pipeline show
Retrieve a job pipeline in a Data Lake Analytics account.
batch pool node-counts list
Gets the number of nodes in each state, grouped by pool.
vmss rolling-upgrade get-latest
Gets the status of the latest virtual machine scale set rolling upgrade.
container delete
Delete a container group.
resource update
Update a resource.
sql db threat-policy show
Gets a database's threat detection policy.
vm run-command
Manage run commands on a Virtual Machine
network dns record-set
Manage DNS records and record sets.
network dns record-set srv update
Update an SRV record set.
Update an SRV record set.
group delete
Delete a resource group.
Delete a resource group.
keyvault secret set-attributes
Updates the attributes associated with a specified secret in a given key vault.  The UPDATE operation changes specified attributes of an existing stored secret. Attributes that are not specified in the request are left unchanged. The value of a secret itself cannot be changed.
sql elastic-pool update
Update an elastic pool.
Update elastic pool with zone redundancy enabled
acs list
List container services.
sql server dns-alias delete
Deletes the server DNS alias with the given name.
dms project list
List the Projects within an instance of DMS.
ad user create
Request parameters for creating a new work or school account user.
servicebus topic authorization-rule keys renew
Regenerate keys of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Topic.
Regenerate key of Service Bus Topic.
functionapp deployment source config-zip
Perform deployment using the kudu zip push deployment for a function app.
Perform deployment by using zip file content.
dls account delete
Delete a Data Lake Store account.
storage table policy delete
Delete a stored access policy on a containing object 
batch node reimage
Reinstalls the operating system on the specified compute node.  You can reinstall the operating system on a node only if it is in an idle or running state. This API can be invoked only on pools created with the cloud service configuration property.
network express-route get-stats
Get the statistics of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Get the statistics of an ExpressRoute circuit.
ams asset list
List all the assets of an Azure Media Services account.
dla account compute-policy update
Update a compute policy in the Data Lake Analytics account.
storage blob lease acquire
Requests a new lease. If the blob does not have an active lease, the Blob service creates a lease on the blob and returns a new lease ID.
storage logging
Manage storage service logging information.
iot dps linked-hub
Manage Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service linked IoT hubs.
network vnet peering
Manage peering connections between Azure Virtual Networks.
ams transform delete
Delete a transform.
network dns record-set cname delete
Delete a CNAME record set and its associated record.
Delete a CNAME record set and its associated record.
vm extension
Manage extensions on VMs.
network application-gateway ssl-policy
Manage the SSL policy of an application gateway.
storage file delete-batch
Delete files from an Azure Storage File Share.
iot dps access-policy
Manage Azure IoT Hub Device Provisioning Service access policies.
batch job-schedule delete
Deletes a job schedule from the specified account.  When you delete a job schedule, this also deletes all jobs and tasks under that schedule. When tasks are deleted, all the files in their working directories on the compute nodes are also deleted (the retention period is ignored). The job schedule statistics are no longer accessible once the job schedule is deleted, though they are still counted towards account lifetime statistics.
dms project task cancel
Cancel a Task if it's currently queued or running.
network dns record-set mx show
Get the details of an MX record set.
Get the details of an MX record set.
network asg
Manage application security groups (ASGs).
reservations reservation
Manage reservation entities
network lb inbound-nat-rule create
Create an inbound NAT rule.
Create a basic inbound NAT rule for port 80.
vm start
Start a stopped VM.
Start a stopped VM.
eventgrid topic update
Update a topic.
Update the properties of an existing topic.
cdn
Manage Azure Content Delivery Networks (CDNs).
dla account firewall create
Create a firewall rule in a Data Lake Analytics account.
monitor autoscale-settings create
Creates or updates an autoscale setting.
account set
Set a subscription to be the current active subscription.
dls account
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Store accounts.
webapp config container delete
Delete a web app container's settings.
network dns record-set ptr list
List all PTR record sets in a zone.
List all PTR record sets in a zone.
reservations reservation merge
Merge two reservations.
consumption budget delete
Delete a budget for an Azure subscription.
resource link
Manage links between resources.
functionapp deployment
Manage function app deployments.
storage logging update
Update logging settings for a storage account.
ams asset update
Update the details of an asset.
sql server key list
Gets a list of server keys.
network dns record-set mx
Manage DNS MX records.
snapshot grant-access
Grant read access to a snapshot.
batch pool os
Manage the operating system of Batch pools.
maps account keys renew
Renew either the primary or secondary key for use with the Maps APIs.
dla catalog table-partition
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog table partitions.
managedapp definition
Manage Azure Managed Applications.
acr build-task run
Trigger a build task that might otherwise be waiting for git commits or base image update triggers.
Trigger a build task.
cloud update
Update the configuration of a cloud.
batch certificate list
Lists all of the certificates that have been added to the specified account.
network nic delete
Delete a network interface.
Delete a network interface.
network watcher connection-monitor query
Query a snapshot of the most recent connection state of a connection monitor.
List a connection monitor for the given region.
feedback
Loving or hating the CLI?  Let us know!
monitor autoscale-settings show
Gets an autoscale setting.
batchai job wait
Waits for specified job completion and setups the exit code to the job's exit code.
Wait for the job completion.
backup policy set
Update the properties of the backup policy.
batch job task-counts
View the number of tasks in a Batch job and their states.
network dns record-set ns update
Update an NS record set.
Update an NS record set.
group lock list
List lock information in the resource-group.
List out all locks on the resource group level
ams account sp
Manage service principal and role based access for an Azure Media Services account.
functionapp deployment list-publishing-profiles
Get the details for available function app deployment profiles.
monitor activity-log alert delete
Delete an activity log alert.
acr
Manage Azure Container Registries for private registries within Azure.
network route-table route update
Update a route in a route table.
Update a route in a route table to change the next hop ip address.
sql db list
List databases a server or elastic pool.
logout
Log out to remove access to Azure subscriptions
servicebus topic subscription update
Updates the ServiceBus Subscription
Update a new Subscription.
postgres server delete
Delete a server.
monitor activity-log
Manage activity logs.
backup item
An item which is already protected or backed up to an Azure Recovery services vault with an associated policy.
eventhubs eventhub create
Creates the Event Hubs Eventhub
Create a new Eventhub.
storage share exists
Check for the existence of a file share.
dla catalog assembly list
Retrieves the list of assemblies from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
vm availability-set list-sizes
List VM sizes for an availability set.
List VM sizes for an availability set.
keyvault secret delete
Deletes a secret from a specified key vault.  The DELETE operation applies to any secret stored in Azure Key Vault. DELETE cannot be applied to an individual version of a secret.
monitor log-profiles update
Update a log profile.
batch pool usage-metrics
View usage metrics of Batch pools.
keyvault certificate delete
Deletes a certificate from a specified key vault.  Deletes all versions of a certificate object along with its associated policy. Delete certificate cannot be used to remove individual versions of a certificate object.
lab formula show
Show formulae from an Azure DevTest Lab.
storage container lease break
Break the lease, if the container has an active lease. Once a lease is broken, it cannot be renewed. Any authorized request can break the lease; the request is not required to specify a matching lease ID. When a lease is broken, the lease break period is allowed to elapse, during which time no lease operation except break and release can be performed on the container. When a lease is successfully broken, the response indicates the interval in seconds until a new lease can be acquired.
vm identity assign
Enable managed service identity on a VM.
Enable identity on a VM with the 'Reader' role.
webapp traffic-routing
Manage traffic routing for web apps.
storage message get
Retrieves one or more messages from the front of the queue.  When a message is retrieved from the queue, the response includes the message  content and a pop_receipt value, which is required to delete the message.  The message is not automatically deleted from the queue, but after it has  been retrieved, it is not visible to other clients for the time interval  specified by the visibility_timeout parameter.  If the key-encryption-key or resolver field is set on the local service object, the messages will be decrypted before being returned.
cloud
Manage registered Azure clouds.
storage blob url
Creates the url to access a blob.
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group delete
Deletes the ConsumerGroup
Deletes the ConsumerGroup
reservations reservation-order-id
See reservation order ids that are applied to subscription
consumption
Manage consumption of Azure resources.
sql elastic-pool
Manage elastic pools.
servicebus queue create
Create the Service Bus Queue
Create Service Bus Queue.
snapshot update
Update a snapshot.
network route-filter rule update
Update a rule in a route filter.
Update a rule in a route filter to add Exchange to rule list.
acs kubernetes install-cli
Download and install the Kubernetes command-line tool for a cluster.
vm wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the VM is met.
Wait until a VM is created.
network lb delete
Delete a load balancer.
Delete a load balancer.
vmss list-instance-connection-info
Get the IP address and port number used to connect to individual VM instances within a set.
policy state summarize
Summarize policy compliance states.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary at current subscription scope.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary at resource group scope in current subscription.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary for a resource using resource name.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary for a policy set definition in current subscription.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary for a policy assignment in current subscription.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary in current subscription, limiting the assignments summary to top 5.
Get latest non-compliant policy states summary in current subscription filtering results based on some property values.
dla account compute-policy create
Create a compute policy in the Data Lake Analytics account.
network public-ip
Manage public IP addresses.
storage message
Manage queue storage messages.
iot dps linked-hub create
Create a linked IoT hub in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service.
Create a linked IoT hub in an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
storage table policy list
List stored access policies on a containing object
monitor autoscale-settings
(DEPRECATED) Manage autoscale settings.
account
Manage Azure subscription information.
sql db restore
Create a new database by restoring from a backup.
webapp stop
Stop a web app.
tag
Manage resource tags.
functionapp config ssl unbind
Unbind an SSL certificate from a function app.
group deployment operation list
Gets all deployments operations for a deployment.
storage blob copy start-batch
Copy multiple blobs or files to a blob container.
monitor log-profiles
Manage log profiles.
lock
Manage Azure locks.
network dns record-set a add-record
Add an A record.
Add an A record.
batch pool create
Create a Batch pool in an account. When creating a pool, choose arguments from either Cloud Services Configuration or Virtual Machine Configuration.
lab formula list
List formulas in a given lab.
monitor activity-log alert list
List activity log alerts under a resource group or the current subscription.
storage entity insert
Insert an entity into a table.
extension show
Show an extension.
vmss disk detach
Detach managed data disks from a scale set or its instances.
vmss diagnostics set
Enable diagnostics on a VMSS.
network dns record-set srv list
List all SRV record sets in a zone.
List all SRV record sets in a zone.
vmss list-instance-public-ips
List public IP addresses of VM instances within a set.
storage blob upload
Upload a file to a storage blob.
Upload to a blob.
webapp config appsettings set
Set a web app's settings.
Set the default NodeJS version to 6.9.1 for a web app.
storage share create
Creates a new share under the specified account. If the share with the same name already exists, the operation fails on the service. By default, the exception is swallowed by the client. To expose the exception, specify True for fail_on_exists.
aks show
Show the details for a managed Kubernetes cluster.
dla catalog table-stats show
Retrieves the specified table statistics from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
backup vault
Online storage entity in Azure used to hold data such as backup copies, recovery points and backup policies.
vm capture
Capture information for a stopped VM.
Deallocate, generalize, and capture a stopped virtual machine.
network watcher packet-capture show
Show details of a packet capture session.
Show a packet capture session.
keyvault list
List key vaults.
cloud list-profiles
List the supported profiles for a cloud.
ams transform output add
Add an output to an existing transform.
storage account show
Show storage account properties.
Show properties for a storage account by resource ID.
network vpn-connection shared-key reset
Reset a VPN connection shared key.
Reset the shared key on a connection.
network dns record-set ptr remove-record
Remove a PTR record from its record set.
Remove a PTR record from its record set.
network lb inbound-nat-pool create
Create an inbound NAT address pool.
Create an inbound NAT address pool.
network lb inbound-nat-pool update
Update an inbound NAT address pool.
Update an inbound NAT address pool to a different backend port.
storage file exists
Check for the existence of a file.
eventhubs eventhub
Manage Azure Event Hubs eventhub and authorization-rule
resource delete
Delete a resource.
Delete a virtual machine named 'MyVm'.
Delete a subnet using a resource identifier.
resource link create
Create a new link between resources.
Create a link from {SourceID} to {ResourceID} with notes
sql server create
Create a server.
ad sp create-for-rbac
Create a service principal and configure its access to Azure resources.
Create with a default role assignment.
Create without a default assignment.
Create using a self-signed certificte.
Create using existing certificate in KeyVault.
batchai experiment create
Create an experiment.
Create an experiment.
storage table stats
Retrieves statistics related to replication for the Table service. It is  only available when read-access geo-redundant replication is enabled for  the storage account.  With geo-redundant replication, Azure Storage maintains your data durable  in two locations. In both locations, Azure Storage constantly maintains  multiple healthy replicas of your data. The location where you read,  create, update, or delete data is the primary storage account location.  The primary location exists in the region you choose at the time you  create an account via the Azure Management Azure classic portal, for  example, North Central US. The location to which your data is replicated  is the secondary location. The secondary location is automatically  determined based on the location of the primary; it is in a second data  center that resides in the same region as the primary location. Read-only  access is available from the secondary location, if read-access geo-redundant  replication is enabled for your storage account.
ams streaming locator create
Create a streaming locator.
storage container set-permission
Sets the permissions for the specified container or stored access  policies that may be used with Shared Access Signatures. The permissions indicate whether blobs in a container may be accessed publicly.
storage container policy show
Show a stored access policy on a containing object
webapp list
List web apps.
List default host name and state for all web apps.
sql db tde
Manage a database's transparent data encryption.
network express-route update
Update settings of an ExpressRoute circuit.
Change the SKU of an ExpressRoute circuit from Standard to Premium.
vmss update-instances
Upgrade VMs within a VMSS.
batch pool reset
Update the properties of a Batch pool. Unspecified properties which can be updated are reset to their defaults.
storage share metadata
Manage the metadata of a file share.
network application-gateway probe list
List probes.
List probes.
dls account firewall show
Get the details of a firewall rule in a Data Lake Store account.
iot device message reject
Reject a cloud-to-device message.
network lb address-pool list
List address pools.
List address pools.
batchai cluster auto-scale
Set auto-scale parameters for a cluster.
Make a cluster to auto scale between 0 and 10 nodes depending on number of queued and running jobs.
disk delete
Delete a managed disk.
account list
Get a list of subscriptions for the logged in account.
network route-table create
Create a route table.
Create a route table.
vmss extension image
Find the available VM extensions for a subscription and region.
functionapp
Manage function apps.
network dns zone delete
Delete a DNS zone and all associated records.
Delete a DNS zone using a fully qualified domain name.
reservations reservation split
Split a reservation.
keyvault secret restore
Restores a backed up secret to a vault. Authorization: requires the secrets/restore permission.
acs delete
Delete a container service.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule keys list
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Namespace
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for Service Bus Namespace
iot device import
Import, update, or delete device identities in the IoT hub identity registry from a blob.
maps account keys
Manage Azure Maps account keys.
cdn name-exists
Check the availability of a resource name. This is needed for resources where name is globally unique, such as a CDN endpoint.
storage queue create
Creates a queue under the given account.
ams streaming policy show
Show the details of a streaming policy.
billing enrollment-account list
Lists the enrollment accounts the caller has access to.
network lb inbound-nat-rule show
Get the details of an inbound NAT rule.
Get the details of an inbound NAT rule.
monitor autoscale-settings get-parameters-template
Scaffold fully formed autoscale-settings' parameters as json template 
network vnet-gateway delete
Delete a virtual network gateway.
Delete a virtual network gateway.
sql server firewall-rule
Manage a server's firewall rules.
ad group list
list groups in the directory
eventgrid topic delete
Delete a topic.
Delete a topic.
batch job prep-release-status list
Lists the execution status of the Job Preparation and Job Release task for the specified job across the compute nodes where the job has run.  This API returns the Job Preparation and Job Release task status on all compute nodes that have run the Job Preparation or Job Release task. This includes nodes which have since been removed from the pool. If this API is invoked on a job which has no Job Preparation or Job Release task, the Batch service returns HTTP status code 409 (Conflict) with an error code of JobPreparationTaskNotSpecified.
storage entity
Manage table storage entities.
network vnet subnet delete
Delete a subnet.
Delete a subnet.
network dns record-set ns delete
Delete an NS record set and all associated records.
Delete an NS record set and all associated records.
backup restore files mount-rp
Download a script which mounts files of a recovery point.
resource list
List resources.
List all resources in the West US region.
List all resources with the tag 'test'.
List all resources with the tag 'test' that have the value 'example'.
storage file metadata
Manage file metadata.
batch job task-counts show
Gets the task counts for the specified job.  Task counts provide a count of the tasks by active, running or completed task state, and a count of tasks which succeeded or failed. Tasks in the preparing state are counted as running. If the validationStatus is unvalidated, then the Batch service has not been able to check state counts against the task states as reported in the List Tasks API. The validationStatus may be unvalidated if the job contains more than 200,000 tasks.
vm availability-set update
Update an Azure Availability Set.
Update an availability set.
Remove an availability set tag.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule delete
Deletes the Authorization Rule of the Service Bus Namespace.
Deletes the Authorization Rule of the Service Bus Namespace.
cosmosdb regenerate-key
Regenerate an access key for a Azure Cosmos DB database account.
mysql server-logs
Manage server logs.
sql server key delete
Deletes a server key.
acr check-name
Checks if a container registry name is valid and available for use.
Check if a registry name already exists.
batch node file delete
Deletes the specified file from the compute node.
batchai job node list
List remote login information for nodes which executed the job.
List remote login information for a job nodes.
postgres server firewall-rule update
Update a firewall rule.
Update a firewall rule's start IP address.
sql server conn-policy
Manage a server's connection policy.
advisor
Manage Azure Advisor.
cloud show
Get the details of a registered cloud.
dla catalog schema show
Retrieves the specified schema from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
redis patch-schedule patch-schedule
This group is deprecated and will be removed in CLI version 2.0.36. The command, `redis patch-schedule patch-schedule show`, will be replaced with `redis patch-schedule show`'
iot device message receive
Receive a cloud-to-device message.
Receive a cloud-to-device message from an IoT hub with a default timeout.
vm availability-set create
Create an Azure Availability Set.
Create an availability set.
functionapp config hostname list
List all hostname bindings for a function app.
servicebus georecovery-alias list
Gets all Alias(Disaster Recovery configurations).
network application-gateway stop
Stop an application gateway.
Stop an application gateway.
ams streaming
Manage streamings for an Azure Media Services account.
aks install-connector
(PREVIEW) Install the ACI Connector on a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Install the ACI Connector for Linux to a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Install the ACI Connector for both Windows and Linux to a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Install the ACI Connector from a custom Helm chart with custom tag.
ams transform show
Show the details of a transform.
iot hub list
List IoT hubs.
List all IoT hubs in a subscription.
advisor configuration list
List Azure Advisor configuration for the entire subscription.
network traffic-manager endpoint
Manage Azure Traffic Manager end points.
functionapp list
List function apps.
List default host name and state for all function apps.
webapp deployment container config
Configure continuous deployment via containers.
mysql db list
List the databases for a server.
List databases in the server 'testsvr'.
servicebus topic subscription list
List the Subscription by Service Bus Topic
Shows the Subscription by Service Bus Topic.
webapp config connection-string
Manage a web app's connection strings.
network dns record-set a create
Create an empty A record set.
Create an empty A record set.
storage message clear
Deletes all messages from the specified queue.
ad group member check
Check if a member is in a group.
tag remove-value
Deletes a tag value.
vm create
Create an Azure Virtual Machine.
Create a default Ubuntu VM with automatic SSH authentication.
Create a VM from a custom managed image.
Create an Ubuntu Linux VM using a cloud-init script for configuration. See: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-using-cloud-init.
Create a simple Ubuntu Linux VM with a public IP address, DNS entry, two data disks (10GB and 20GB), and then generate ssh key pairs.
Create a CentOS VM with a system assigned identity. The VM will have a 'Contributor' role with access to a storage account.
Create a debian VM with both system and user assigned identity.
vm diagnostics set
Configure the Azure VM diagnostics extension.
Set up default diagnostics on a Linux VM for Azure Portal VM metrics graphs and syslog collection.
dla catalog credential delete
Delete a catalog credential.
storage share show
Returns all user-defined metadata and system properties for the specified share. The data returned does not include the shares's list of files or directories.
batch task subtask list
Lists all of the subtasks that are associated with the specified multi-instance task.  If the task is not a multi-instance task then this returns an empty collection.
acr webhook create
Create a webhook for a container registry.
Create a webhook for a container registry that will deliver docker push and delete events to a service URI.
lab vm apply-artifacts
Apply artifacts to a virtual machine in Azure DevTest Lab.
configure
Display and manage the Azure CLI 2.0 configuration. This command is interactive.
Set default resource group, webapp and VM names.
redis regenerate-keys
Regenerate Redis cache's access keys. This operation requires write permission to the cache resource.
network vnet-gateway root-cert
Manage root certificates of a virtual network gateway.
network dns record-set a
Manage DNS A records.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule show
Shows the details of Authorizationrule
Shows the details of Authorizationrule
storage file download
Downloads a file to a file path, with automatic chunking and progress notifications. Returns an instance of File with properties and metadata.
servicebus queue authorization-rule list
List of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Queue.
List of Authorization Rule by Queue
webapp config hostname add
Bind a hostname to a web app.
identity list-operations
Lists available operations for the Managed Identity provider
backup recoverypoint
A snapshot of data at that point-of-time, stored in Recovery Services Vault, from which you can restore information.
network vpn-connection create
Create a VPN connection.
Create a site-to-site connection between an Azure virtual network and an on-premises local network gateway.

backup restore files
Gives access to all files of a recovery point.
network route-filter rule list-service-communities
Gets all the available BGP service communities.
Gets all the available BGP service communities.
network application-gateway delete
Delete an application gateway.
Delete an application gateway.
sql server show
Gets a server.
keyvault delete-policy
Delete security policy settings for a Key Vault. 
dla account compute-policy delete
Delete a compute policy in a Data Lake Analytics account.
ad sp delete
Delete a service principal and its role assignments.
network asg update
Update an application security group.
Update an application security group with a modified tag value.
acr repository untag
Untag an image in a container registry.
Untag an image from a repository.
network traffic-manager endpoint show-geographic-hierarchy
Get the default geographic hierarchy used by the geographic traffic routing method.
Get the default geographic hierarchy used by the geographic traffic routing method.
sql db tde list-activity
Returns a database's transparent data encryption operation result.
cognitiveservices account create
Create an Azure Cognitive Services account.
Create an S0 face API Cognitive Services account in West Europe without confirmation required.
consumption pricesheet show
Show the price sheet for an Azure subscription within a billing period.
batch pool node-counts
Get node counts for Batch pools.
lock create
Create a lock.
Create a read-only subscription level lock.
vmss get-instance-view
View an instance of a VMSS.
acr replication create
Create a replication for a container registry.
Create a replication for a container registry.
storage file download-batch
Download files from an Azure Storage File Share to a local directory in a batch operation.
monitor autoscale
Manage autoscale settings.
network application-gateway redirect-config update
Update a redirect configuration.
Update a redirect configuration to a different http-listener.
ad sp
Manage Azure Active Directory service principals for automation authentication.
redis show
Gets a Redis cache (resource description).
batchai job file
Commands to list and stream files in job's output directories.
acr replication list
List all of the replications for a container registry.
List replications and show the results in a table.
servicebus georecovery-alias show
shows properties of Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias for Primay/Secondary Namespace
show properties Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias of the Primary Namespace
webapp config backup
Manage backups for web apps.
network vnet peering create
Create a virtual network peering connection.
Create a peering connection between two virtual networks.
monitor activity-log alert show
Get an activity log alert.
monitor autoscale rule
Manage autoscale scaling rules.
storage share delete
Marks the specified share for deletion. If the share does not exist, the operation fails on the service. By  default, the exception is swallowed by the client. To expose the exception, specify True for fail_not_exist.
dla catalog procedure
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog stored procedures.
sf cluster reliability
Manage the reliability of a cluster.
network nic list
List network interfaces.
List all NICs by internal DNS suffix.
webapp deployment user
Manage user credentials for deployment.
keyvault certificate
Manage certificates.
dls account firewall
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Store account firewall rules.
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group
Manage Azure Event Hubs consumergroup
network dns record-set caa show
Get the details of a CAA record set.
Get the details of a CAA record set.
network dns record-set ptr delete
Delete a PTR record set and all associated records.
Delete a PTR record set and all associated records.
mysql server firewall-rule update
Update a firewall rule.
Update a firewall rule's start IP address.
storage entity delete
Deletes an existing entity in a table. Throws if the entity does not exist.  When an entity is successfully deleted, the entity is immediately marked  for deletion and is no longer accessible to clients. The entity is later  removed from the Table service during garbage collection.
batch job-schedule enable
Enables a job schedule.
vm unmanaged-disk detach
Detatch an unmanaged disk from a VM.
Detach a data disk from a VM.
network nic ip-config address-pool add
Add an address pool to an IP configuration.
Add an address pool to an IP configuration.
batch job-schedule reset
Reset the properties of a job schedule.  An updated job specification only applies to new jobs.
batch location quotas show
Gets the Batch service quotas for the specified subscription at the given location.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule delete
Deletes the Authorizationrule of Eventhub.
Deletes the Authorizationrule of Eventhub.
sql db delete
Delete a database.
servicebus topic authorization-rule keys
Manage Azure Authorization Rule keys for Service Bus Topic
network route-filter rule create
Create a rule in a route filter.
Create a rule in a route filter to allow Dynamics 365.
vm secret add
Add a secret to a VM.
keyvault certificate pending
Manage pending certificate creation operations.
vm secret
Manage VM secrets.
network application-gateway frontend-ip list
List frontend IP addresses.
List frontend IP addresses.
vm availability-set delete
Delete an availability set.
Delete an availability set.
resource tag
Tag a resource.
Tag the virtual machine 'MyVm' with the key 'vmlist' and value 'vm1'.
batch pool resize
Resize or stop resizing a Batch pool.
servicebus queue authorization-rule
Manage Azure Service Bus Queue Authorization Rule
ams account create
Create an Azure Media Services account.
group create
Create a new resource group.
Create a new resource group in the West US region.
storage queue policy show
Show a stored access policy on a containing object
advisor configuration show
Show Azure Advisor configuration for the given subscription or resource group.
functionapp deployment source delete
Delete a source control deployment configuration.
network vpn-connection
Manage VPN connections.
network vnet-gateway show
Get the details of a virtual network gateway.
Get the details of a virtual network gateway.
batch job enable
Enables the specified job, allowing new tasks to run.  When you call this API, the Batch service sets a disabled job to the enabling state. After the this operation is completed, the job moves to the active state, and scheduling of new tasks under the job resumes. The Batch service does not allow a task to remain in the active state for more than 7 days. Therefore, if you enable a job containing active tasks which were added more than 7 days ago, those tasks will not run.
policy set-definition update
Update a policy set definition.
policy set-definition create
Create a policy set definition.
Create a policy set definition.
sql server update
Update a server.
cdn usage
Check the quota and actual usage of the CDN profiles under the given subscription.
batchai workspace
Commands to manage workspaces.
storage queue policy update
Set a stored access policy on a containing object
postgres server firewall-rule
Manage firewall rules for a server.
vm extension image list-names
List the names of available extensions.
Find Docker extensions by publisher and location.
storage blob snapshot
Creates a read-only snapshot of a blob.
network application-gateway http-listener update
Update an HTTP listener.
Update an HTTP listener to use a different hostname.
redis create
Create new Redis Cache instance
batchai cluster list
List clusters.
List all clusters in a workspace.
network dns record-set caa
Manage DNS CAA records.
dls fs list
List the files and folders in a Data Lake Store account.
monitor action-group enable-receiver
Enable a receiver in an action group. This changes the receiver's status from Disabled to Enabled.
managedapp definition delete
Delete a managed application definition.
monitor alert list
List alert rules in a resource group.
dms delete
Delete an instance of the Data Migration Service.
lab arm-template list
List azure resource manager templates in a given artifact source.
dla job pipeline list
List job pipelines in a Data Lake Analytics account.
backup item list
List all backed up items within a container.
storage cors list
List all CORS rules for a storage account.
monitor alert show
Show an alert rule.
consumption reservation
Manage reservations for Azure resources.
sql db replica set-primary
Set the primary replica database by failing over from the current primary replica database.
network application-gateway auth-cert create
Create an authorization certificate.
Create an authorization certificate.
storage queue policy delete
Delete a stored access policy on a containing object 
storage account keys list
List the primary and secondary keys for a storage account.
List the primary and secondary keys for a storage account.
functionapp deployment source update-token
Update source control token cached in Azure app service. If no token is provided, the command will clean up existing token.
vmss encryption
(PREVIEW) Manage encryption of VMSS.
ad group member list
Gets the members of a group.
dla
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics accounts, jobs, and catalogs.
cdn endpoint
Manage CDN endpoints.
batch job show
Gets information about the specified job.
aks remove-connector
(PREVIEW) Remove the ACI Connector from a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Remove the ACI Connector from a cluster using the graceful mode.
storage container lease change
Change the lease ID of an active lease. A change must include the current lease ID and a new lease ID.
dls
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Store accounts and filesystems.
vm encryption disable
Disable disk encryption on the OS disk and/or data disks.
dla catalog tvf list
List table valued functions in a database or schema.
network dns record-set mx create
Create an empty MX record set.
Create an empty MX record set.
dla catalog database list
Retrieves the list of databases from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
lab gallery-image list
List gallery images in a given lab.
image show
Gets an image.
servicebus georecovery-alias authorization-rule keys list
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for the Service Bus Namespace
List the keys and connection strings of Authorization Rule for the namespace.
postgres server wait
Wait for server to satisfy certain conditions.
servicebus namespace
Manage Azure Service Bus Namespace
ad group
Manage Azure Active Directory groups.
dla catalog credential create
Create a new catalog credential for use with an external data source.
webapp
Manage web apps.
dla catalog package
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog packages.
batch application set
Update properties for a Batch application.
network lb rule delete
Delete a load balancing rule.
Delete a load balancing rule.
network watcher connection-monitor stop
Stop the specified connection monitor.
Stop the specified connection monitor.
network lb rule create
Create a load balancing rule.
Create a load balancing rule that assigns a front-facing IP configuration and port to an address pool and port.

Create an HA ports load balancing rule that assigns a frontend IP and port to use all available backend IPs in a pool on the same port.

sf cluster node add
Add nodes to a node type in a cluster.
Add 2 'nt1' nodes to a cluster.
network application-gateway frontend-ip show
Get the details of a frontend IP address.
Get the details of a frontend IP address.
mysql server firewall-rule
Manage firewall rules for a server.
billing enrollment-account
Get enrollment accounts.
keyvault secret set
Sets a secret in a specified key vault.  The SET operation adds a secret to the Azure Key Vault. If the named secret already exists, Azure Key Vault creates a new version of that secret.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule create
Creates Authorizationrule for the given Namespace
Creates Authorizationrule
network dns record-set ns show
Get the details of an NS record set.
Get the details of an NS record set.
ams streaming locator show
Show the details of a streaming locator.
storage blob
Manage object storage for unstructured data (blobs).
iot device
(PREVIEW) Manage devices in your Azure IoT hub.
acs kubernetes get-credentials
Download and install credentials to access a cluster.  This command requires the same private-key used to create the cluster.
batch node show
Gets information about the specified compute node.
network vpn-connection shared-key update
Update a VPN connection shared key.
Change the shared key for the connection to "Abc123".
sql db tde set
Sets a database's transparent data encryption configuration.
dls account firewall update
Updates a firewall rule in a Data Lake Store account.
iot hub certificate show
Shows information about a particular Azure IoT Hub certificate.
Show details about MyCertificate
backup policy get-default-for-vm
Get the default policy with default values to backup a VM.
dla account data-lake-store show
Gets the specified Data Lake Store account details in the specified Data Lake Analytics account.
dla catalog table-type show
Retrieves the specified table type from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
dms show
Show the details for an instance of the Data Migration Service.
webapp log config
Configure logging for a web app.
servicebus topic subscription create
Create the ServiceBus Subscription
Create a new Subscription.
functionapp stop
Stop a function app.
acs dcos browse
Creates an SSH tunnel to the Azure container service, and opens the Mesosphere DC/OS dashboard in the browser.
vmss encryption show
Show encryption status.
ams asset
Manage assets for an Azure Media Services account.
dla account show
Get the details of a Data Lake Analytics account.
network watcher test-ip-flow
Test IP flow to/from a VM given the currently configured network security group rules.
Run test-ip-flow verify to test logical connectivity from a VM to the specified destination IPv4 address and port.
postgres db create
Create a PostgreSQL database.
Create database 'testdb' in the server 'testsvr' with the default parameters.
dla job list
List Data Lake Analytics jobs.
account management-group list
List all management groups.
List all management groups
dla account data-lake-store delete
Updates the Data Lake Analytics account specified to remove the specified Data Lake Store account.
network dns record-set ptr
Manage DNS PTR records.
backup vault list
List Recovery service vaults within a subscription.
maps account update
Update the properties of a maps account.
ams streaming endpoint list
List all the streaming endpoints within an Azure Media Services account.
vmss create
Create an Azure Virtual Machine Scale Set.
Create a Windows VM scale set with 5 instances, a load balancer, a public IP address, and a 2GB data disk.
Create a Linux VM scale set from a custom image using the default existing public SSH key.
Create a Linux VM scale set using a cloud-init script for configuration. See: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-using-cloud-init
Create a VM scaleset with system assigned identity. The VM will have a 'Contributor' Role with access to a storage account.
Create a debian VM scaleset with both system and user assigned identity.
iot hub job list
List the jobs in an IoT hub.
resource create
create a resource.
Create an API app by providing a full JSON configuration.
Create a web app with the minimum required configuration information.
vm boot-diagnostics
Troubleshoot the startup of an Azure Virtual Machine.
sf cluster create
Create a new Azure Service Fabric cluster.
Create a cluster with a given size and self-signed certificate that is downloaded locally.
vmss stop
Power off (stop) VMs within a VMSS.
ad user show
Gets user information from the directory.
acs dcos
Commands to manage a DC/OS-orchestrated Azure Container Service.
network watcher connection-monitor show
Shows a connection monitor by name.
Show a connection monitor for the given name.
dla catalog package list
Retrieves the list of packages from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
network express-route
Manage dedicated private network fiber connections to Azure.
network vnet peering update
Update a peering.
Change forwarded traffic configuration of a virtual network peering.
Change gateway transit property configuration of a virtual network peering.
network nsg list
List network security groups.
List all NSGs in the 'westus' region.
network dns record-set cname show
Get the details of a CNAME record set.
Get the details of a CNAME record set.
vm
Provision Linux or Windows virtual machines.
vmss deallocate
Deallocate VMs within a VMSS.
network public-ip delete
Delete a public IP address.
Delete a public IP address.
monitor activity-log alert scope add
Add scopes to this activity log alert.
acr build-task logs
Show logs for a particular build. If no build-id is supplied, it shows logs for the last updated build.
Show logs for the last updated build in the registry.
Show logs for a particular build.
eventhubs georecovery-alias authorization-rule show
Show properties of Event Hubs Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias and Namespace Authorizationrule
Show properties Authorizationrule by Event Hubs Namespace
ams streaming locator list
List all the streaming locators within an Azure Media Services account.
eventgrid event-subscription
Manage event subscriptions for an Event Grid topic or for an Azure resource.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule create
Create Authorization Rule for the given Service Bus Namespace
Create Authorization Rule 'myauthorule' for the given Service Bus Namespace 'mynamepsace' in resourcegroup
mysql server create
Create a server.
Create a MySQL server with only required paramaters in North Europe.
Create a MySQL server with all paramaters set.
tag list
Gets the names and values of all resource tags that are defined in a subscription.
cloud set
Set the active cloud.
vm redeploy
Redeploy an existing VM.
Redeploy a VM.
dls account enable-key-vault
Enable the use of Azure Key Vault for encryption of a Data Lake Store account.
dla catalog credential
(PREVIEW) Manage Data Lake Analytics catalog credentials.
iot
(PREVIEW) Manage Internet of Things (IoT) assets.
eventgrid
Manage Azure Event Grid topics and subscriptions.
cdn custom-domain show
Show details for the custom domain of a CDN.
Get the details of a custom domain.
network express-route auth
Manage authentication of an ExpressRoute circuit.
network dns record-set aaaa create
Create an empty AAAA record set.
Create an empty AAAA record set.
identity
Managed Service Identities
network application-gateway waf-config list-rule-sets
Get information on available WAF rule sets, rule groups, and rule IDs.
List available rule groups in OWASP type rule sets.
List available rules in the `crs_35_bad_robots` rule group.
cdn origin list
Lists all of the existing origins within an endpoint.
network lb
Manage and configure load balancers.
monitor autoscale profile list
List autoscale profiles.
eventhubs namespace update
Updates the Event Hubs Namespace
Update a new namespace.
keyvault certificate issuer admin delete
Remove admin details for the specified certificate issuer. 
batch job set
Update the properties of a Batch job. Updating a property in a subgroup will reset the unspecified properties of that group.
network watcher list
List Network Watchers.
List all Network Watchers in a subscription.
functionapp config ssl upload
Upload an SSL certificate to a function app.
sql server ad-admin list
Returns a list of server Administrators.
storage message update
Updates the visibility timeout of a message. You can also use this operation to update the contents of a message.  This operation can be used to continually extend the invisibility of a  queue message. This functionality can be useful if you want a worker role  to "lease" a queue message. For example, if a worker role calls get_messages  and recognizes that it needs more time to process a message, it can  continually extend the message's invisibility until it is processed. If  the worker role were to fail during processing, eventually the message  would become visible again and another worker role could process it.  If the key-encryption-key field is set on the local service object, this method will encrypt the content before uploading.
storage file copy start-batch
Copy multiple files or blobs to a file share.
aks use-dev-spaces
(PREVIEW) Use Azure Dev Spaces with a managed Kubernetes cluster.
Use Azure Dev Spaces with a managed Kubernetes cluster, interactively selecting a dev space.
Use Azure Dev Spaces with a managed Kubernetes cluster, selecting a new or existing dev space         'develop/my-space' without prompting for confirmation.
network watcher connection-monitor
Manage connection monitoring between an Azure Virtual Machine and any IP resource.
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group create
Creates the EventHub ConsumerGroup
Create EventHub ConsumerGroup.
dla catalog table list
List tables in a database or schema.
group lock show
Show the details of a resource group lock
Show a resource group level lock
batch application package delete
Deletes an application package record and its associated binary file.
sql elastic-pool op list
Gets a list of operations performed on the elastic pool.
network application-gateway http-settings delete
Delete HTTP settings.
Delete HTTP settings.
sql elastic-pool op cancel
network lb frontend-ip create
Create a frontend IP address.
Create a frontend ip address for a public load balancer.
functionapp config appsettings list
Show settings for a function app.
vm nic list
List the NICs available on a VM.
List all of the NICs on a VM.
managedapp list
List managed applications.
batchai cluster file
Commands to work with files generated by node setup task.
servicebus queue authorization-rule delete
Delete the Authorization Rule of Service Bus Queue
Delete the Authorization Rule of Service Bus Queue
disk wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of a managed disk is met.
storage container metadata update
Sets one or more user-defined name-value pairs for the specified container. Each call to this operation replaces all existing metadata attached to the container. To remove all metadata from the container, call this operation with no metadata dict.
lab arm-template
Manage Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates in an Azure DevTest Lab.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule create
Creates Authorizationrule for the given Eventhub
Creates Authorizationrule
network ddos-protection
Manage DDoS Protection Plans.
storage container lease renew
Renews the lease. The lease can be renewed if the lease ID specified matches that associated with the container. Note that the lease may be renewed even if it has expired as long as the container has not been leased again since the expiration of that lease. When you renew a lease, the lease duration clock resets.
postgres server-logs download
Download log files.
Download log files f1 and f2 to the current directory from the server 'testsvr'.
lab gallery-image
List Azure Marketplace images allowed for a DevTest Lab.
group exists
Check if a resource group exists.
Check if 'MyResourceGroup' exists.
keyvault key delete
Deletes a key of any type from storage in Azure Key Vault.  The delete key operation cannot be used to remove individual versions of a key. This operation removes the cryptographic material associated with the key, which means the key is not usable for Sign/Verify, Wrap/Unwrap or Encrypt/Decrypt operations.
eventhubs namespace
Manage Azure Event Hubs namespace and Authorizationrule
account management-group show
Get a specific management group.
Get a management group.
Get a management group with children in all levels of hierarchy.
resource lock list
List lock information in the resource-level.
List out all locks on a vnet
group show
Gets a resource group.
network lb rule
Manage load balancing rules.
network dns record-set list
List all record sets within a DNS zone.
List all "@" record sets within this zone.
appservice plan show
Get the app service plans for a resource group or a set of resource groups.
cosmosdb database
Manage Azure Cosmos DB databases.
network application-gateway http-settings list
List HTTP settings.
List HTTP settings.
sql server delete
Deletes a server.
monitor activity-log alert scope remove
Removes scopes from this activity log alert.
servicebus namespace authorization-rule list
Shows the list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Namespace
Shows the list of Authorization Rule by Service Bus Namespace
backup recoverypoint show
Shows details of a particular recovery point.
tag add-value
Creates a tag value. The name of the tag must already exist.
cosmosdb database exists
Returns a boolean indicating whether the database exists 
vm extension set
Set extensions for a VM.
Add a user account to a Linux VM.
resource link update
Update link between resources.
Update the notes for {LinkID} notes "some notes to explain this link"
lab environment list
List environments in a lab.
network dns record-set ns
Manage DNS NS records.
storage table policy update
Set a stored access policy on a containing object
policy assignment show
Show a resource policy assignment.
sql server dns-alias show
Gets a server DNS alias.
network application-gateway wait
Place the CLI in a waiting state until a condition of the application gateway is met.
Place the CLI in a waiting state until the application gateway is created.
webapp identity
(PREVIEW) manage webapp's managed service identity
network lb inbound-nat-pool list
List inbound NAT address pools.
List inbound NAT address pools.
iot hub job
(PREVIEW) Manage jobs in an IoT hub.
account lock show
Show the details of a subscription lock
Show a subscription level lock
monitor activity-log alert update
Update the details of this activity log alert
Update the condition
batch location quotas
Manage Batch service quotas at the region level.
vmss extension show
Show details on a VMSS extension.
functionapp config hostname
Configure hostnames for a function app.
servicebus georecovery-alias
Manage Azure Service Bus Geo-Disaster Recovery Configuration Alias
vm boot-diagnostics enable
Enable the boot diagnostics on a VM.
Enable boot diagnostics on all VMs in a resource group.
network lb address-pool create
Create an address pool.
Create an address pool.
lab vm show
Get virtual machine.
billing
Manage Azure Billing.
extension
Manage and update CLI extensions.
ams transform update
Update the details of a transform.
network asg create
Create an application security group.
Create an application security group.
iot hub policy
(PREVIEW) Manage shared access policies of an IoT hub.
storage blob download
Downloads a blob to a file path, with automatic chunking and progress notifications. Returns an instance of :class:`~azure.storage.blob.models.Blob` with properties and metadata.
keyvault secret show-deleted
Retrieves the deleted secret information plus its attributes. Authorization: requires the secrets/get permission.
dla catalog table-type list
Retrieves the list of table types from the Data Lake Analytics catalog.
monitor alert show-incident
Get the details of an alert rule incident.
group deployment create
Start a deployment.
Create a deployment from a remote template file, using parameters from a local JSON file.
Create a deployment from a local template, using a parameter file and selectively overriding key/value pairs.
batch job-schedule list
Lists all of the job schedules in the specified account.
sql server ad-admin delete
Deletes an existing server Active Directory Administrator.
role assignment list-changelogs
List changelogs for role assignments.
backup job list
List all backup jobs of a Recovery Services vault.
vmss extension image list-names
Gets a list of virtual machine extension image types.
reservations reservation show
Get details of a reservation.
webapp config connection-string delete
Delete a web app's connection strings.
network application-gateway http-settings
Manage HTTP settings of an application gateway.
vmss reimage
Reimage VMs within a VMSS.
batch application package show
Gets information about the specified application package.
iot hub create
Create an Azure IoT hub.
Create an IoT Hub with the free pricing tier F1, in the region of the resource group.
network ddos-protection delete
Delete a DDoS protection plan.
monitor diagnostic-settings list
Gets the active diagnostic settings list for the specified resource.
storage share
Manage file shares.
aks get-credentials
Get access credentials for a managed Kubernetes cluster.
mysql server-logs download
Download log files.
Download log files f1 and f2 to the current directory from the server 'testsvr'.
sql elastic-pool list-dbs
Gets a list of databases in an elastic pool.
storage file metadata update
Sets user-defined metadata for the specified file as one or more name-value pairs.
redis list-all
(DEPRECATED) Gets all Redis caches in the specified subscription.
network dns record-set txt show
Get the details of a TXT record set.
Get the details of a TXT record set.
batchai job show
Show information about a job.
Show full information about a job.
cdn profile show
Gets a CDN profile with the specified profile name under the specified subscription and resource group.
webapp config ssl list
List SSL certificates for a web app.
batch account autostorage-keys sync
Synchronizes access keys for the auto-storage account configured for the specified Batch account.
iot hub certificate
Manage IoT Hub certificates.
network nic ip-config update
Update an IP configuration.
Update a NIC to use a new private IP address.
keyvault certificate list-versions
List the versions of a certificate.  The GetCertificateVersions operation returns the versions of a certificate in the specified key vault.
iot hub show-quota-metrics
Get the quota metrics for an IoT hub.
network application-gateway rule list
List rules.
List rules.
sql server vnet-rule show
Gets a virtual network rule.
dms
Manage Azure Data Migration Service (DMS) instances.
network vpn-connection shared-key
Manage VPN shared keys.
vm run-command list
Lists all available run commands for a subscription in a location.
consumption budget create
Create a budget for an Azure subscription.
webapp deployment slot swap
Change deployment slots for a web app.
Swap a staging slot into production for the MyUniqueApp web app.
eventhubs eventhub consumer-group show
Shows the ConsumerGroup Details
Shows the ConsumerGroup details.
reservations
Manage Azure Reservations.
vmss nic
Manage network interfaces of a VMSS.
network express-route delete
Delete an ExpressRoute circuit.
Delete an ExpressRoute circuit.
network nic ip-config list
List the IP configurations of a NIC.
List the IP configurations of a NIC.
webapp delete
Delete a web app.
reservations reservation-order-id list
Get list of applicable reservation order ids.
postgres db list
List the databases for a server.
List databases in the server 'testsvr'.
iot device delete
Delete a device from an IoT hub.
network nsg rule
Manage network security group rules.
webapp deployment source config-local-git
Get a URL for a git repository endpoint to clone and push to for web app deployment.
Get an endpoint and add it as a git remote.
monitor metrics list
List the metric values for a resource.
List a VM's CPU usage for the past hour
List success E2E latency of a storage account and split the data series based on both API name and geo type
List success E2E latency of a storage account and split the data series based on both API name and geo type. Limits the api name to 'DeleteContainer'
List the metadata values for a storage account under transaction metric's api name dimension since 2017
group lock update
Update a resource group lock.
Update a resource group lock with new notes and type
mysql server restore
Restore a server from backup.
Restore 'testsvr' as 'testsvrnew'.
monitor autoscale-settings update
Updates an autoscale setting.
batchai list-usages
Gets the current usage information as well as limits for Batch AI resources for given location.
Get information for eastus location.
lab custom-image create
Create a custom image in a DevTest Lab.
Create a custom image in the lab from a running Windows virtual machine without applying sysprep.
network traffic-manager profile
Manage Azure Traffic Manager profiles.
eventhubs eventhub authorization-rule show
shows the details of Authorizationrule
shows the details of Authorizationrule
network dns record-set a update
Update an A record set.
Update an A record set.
webapp deployment user show
Gets publishing user.  Gets publishing user.
batch account autostorage-keys
Manage the access keys for the auto storage account configured for a Batch account.
network lb frontend-ip show
Get the details of a frontend IP address.
Get the details of a frontend IP address.
storage account network-rule remove
Remove a network rule.
storage account network-rule
Manage network rules.
sf cluster client-certificate remove
Remove client certificates or subject names used for authentication.
Remove a client certificate by thumbprint.
cdn profile update
Update a CDN profile.
network vnet create
Create a virtual network.
Create a virtual network.
eventhubs namespace authorization-rule
Manage Azure Event Hubs Authorizationrule for Namespace
dla account update
Update a Data Lake Analytics account.
managedapp create
Create a managed application.
Create a managed application of kind 'ServiceCatalog'. This requires a valid managed application definition ID.
network nsg rule list
List all rules in a network security group.
List all rules in a network security group.
vm nic remove
Remove NICs from a VM.
Remove two NICs from a VM.
functionapp config ssl list
List SSL certificates for a function app.
storage queue
Manage storage queues.
iot dps certificate list
List all certificates contained within an Azure IoT Hub device provisioning service
List all certificates in MyDps
eventgrid topic
Manage Azure Event Grid topics.
group deployment export
Export the template used for a deployment.
batch node file show
Gets the properties of the specified compute node file.
dms project task check-name
Check if a given Task name is available within a given instance of DMS as well as the name's validity.
network application-gateway ssl-cert list
List SSL certificates.
List SSL certificates.
aks delete
Delete a managed Kubernetes cluster.
storage directory metadata show
Returns all user-defined metadata for the specified directory.
vmss identity show
display VM scaleset's managed identity info.
redis patch-schedule set
Create or replace the patching schedule for Redis cache (requires Premium SKU).
